I cannot open the app anymore	0
I have been begging for a refund from this app for over a month and nobody is replying me	0
Very costly for the premium version (approx Indian Rupees 910 per year). Better to download the premium version of this app from apkmos website and use it. Microsoft to do list app is far more better.	0
Used to keep me organized, but all the 2020 UPDATES have made a mess of things !!! Y cudn't u leave well enuf alone ??? Guess ur techies feel the need to keep making changes to justify continuing to collect their salary !!! 🤤🤤🤤	0
Dan Birthday Oct 28	0
It has changed how I viewed my different lists. Now they are all jumbled together and I can't find what I need.	0
I'm only looking for a grocery list app but every time I tap away from the app I have to tap again (after opening it again) to see the list. I can't find a way to keep a certain list showing when I open or reopen the app. eta: in response to the reply, it doesn't work like that on my phone. Even if the grocery list is showing, when I open another app and then go back to the any.do app, the list of lists is showing and I have to retap to get the grocery list to show again.	0
Reset my free trial, new phone I'd like to see if it's better.	0
How do to stop monthly payment because i don't use this app anymore	0
I complain about not crashes and it was immediately fixed!Good job!! Now the crashes have returned! I really need it fixed because I need to change apps otherwise 😩 I followed your instructions on deleting the data, etc but it just now crashed again. I am a patient person and I have used Any Do for years but let's try one more time and then I will have to find another app. It crashed again 😑	0
Constant crashing. After reading all the negative reviews, I Uninstalled it from all my devices. **Canceled subscription. App was great, until it crashed. After spending more than a hour setting it up on my Samsung tablet, it will not run. Cannot even get it to start. Too bad. In the past, my experiences have been good with this app. Guess I will see how long it takes to crash on my cell phone. So much for multi-device sync. Such a disappointment. **see above, for new comment added.	0
Widgets are useless because they always show all tasks I have, regardless of category. There's no option to show only a specific category like groceries so they're all mixed up with to-do list tasks. Do developers even care about usability? Isn't it a software design 101?	0
Horrible app. It doesn't do as described. Absolutely no support!	0
Update October 2020: new update deleted all of my tasks, forced me to create an account, and now only bare minimum is free. Finding a new app. Been using this for years and loved it. With each update you get less and less free. It just auto updated and now I can't have reoccurring reminders without paying. Unless you count defaulting to every Monday. It wouldn't even allow me to update a long time weekly reminder	0
Did not realize there was a charge for this app do not want this app.	0
Spams notifications of how many tasks other users have completed this week. Who on earth would care? Uninstalled. **Update: Developer responded that this was a once off experiment. I think this was actually the third time I received this notification. Also, experimental spam is still spam	0
Downloaded first thing it trys to do is do a con. Not impressed.	0
No longer works with Alexa. What happened??	0
it doesn't show any list	0
Do not download	0
This app is not what I wanted at all.	0
Unnecessary pop up. Really annoying and counterproductive	0
They recently started sending spammy notifications every week or so. Please stop.	0
Shows tasks assigned to others in widget. A major missing feature for any serious projects, is some way to know if a task you're currently adding to a long list, already exists. Some kind of an automatic search through the existing tasks - at least the tasks in the current list - while typing in a new task. Other than that, this is great. Good job! _Task search in the web app is an extra step and not intuitive._ Using a separate search feature to check every new task you're adding, is absurd.	0
7 days for free and then you pay. Plus too complicated for some simple tasks	0
Update: thanks for your response. I would ask the developers to check their own app. There is NO monthly subscription option in the app. Old review: No monthly subscriptions? Why should I be forced to subscribe for a year? I am definitely not subscribing for a year in one go. This is ridiculously desperate.	0
Expensive paywall preventing access to features in wanting to try out	0
I was about to pay for this app when I noticed a bug. It does not effectively sync tasks and events from the Google Calendar. Numerous issues, and you can't even mark those events as over. Sorry, not going to subscribe to this. I have no idea why this app is so famous. It's quite bad, in my opinion.	0
Worst application no task information on screen	0
I downloaded this app to try for my task list but i see there're not many functions, choices of sounds, color labels... to make the task fun, dissapointed with the score i saw on Google Play. The worst point is this app forced me to pay for it without any awareness. I checked my Google play account before the trial end, i didn't see any Subscription plan from Any.do, but after the trial, it charged me yearly plan for this App. Bad way to trick people to pay for this app.	0
Shameless App Ever, Waste Money !!! I have subscribed and have been charged for the whole year. Though no features of premium appeared. Can someone clarify the reason????	0
I am not providing email addresses or google or Facebook accounts for a todo list	0
Uninstalled it as soon as it started sending me Ad notifications. Why does any developer think this is acceptable? Disgusting.	0
I have subscribed and have been charged for the whole year. Though no features of premium appeared. Can someone clarify the reason????	0
Have to pay premium if you want to put multiple reminders a day	0
I have tried I installing this on two separate Android devices with no luck. I can not add my calendars. I put the widget on the home screen. It says I need to add my calendars and has a button to add them, but nothing happens when I tap the button.	0
Prayer Ubde	0
such a useless and greedy app only wants money as is chargeable after 7 days do you have shame i want to give you 0 star	0
Yes i what	0
Waste	0
Really cumbersome, is not easy to use	0
Was charged for the year instead of monthly	0
Not free, cannot delete account	0
Will not enable me to unsubscribe!	0
Dindigul	0
Latest update deleted all my tasks and lists! Have to start all over and try to remember what my list items were. I'll be looking for a new app.	0
Features for the free version are just disappointing.	0
Locking basic features behind a paywall is kinda weird	0
Soo awkward i can't able to sign *up* 😭 Sick app	0
Hangs when setting up Google Assistant	0
Subscription?? How does this application figure that it can be a subscription application? Ridiculous Update after developer response: This is not a subscription application. You are not Netflix or Adobe. This should be a standalone app quit trying to milk people's money. You can say anything you want. THIS WILL NEVER BE A SUBSCRIPTION APPLICATION. STOP BEING RIDICULOUS.	0
good	0
Hopeless customer service. I paid for the premium version, had a problem with its sharing function, emailed customer support for a solution, was told it would take 2 business days for a response (which was hopeless enough), now over 5 business days later I've not received a response.	0
Duplicates files attached and you have to constantly delete. FIX THE BUGS.	0
Used to work so well earlier. Now it doesn't work at all!! Junk!!	0
Frustrating. Apparently its meant to sync grocery lists with Google home but doesn't. Absolutely no info on how to set it up	0
Too complicated to use	0
Forced sign in	0
Work on it	0
I should have looked through "most recent" instead of "most relevant" reviews. It's far too limited for me in it's free state and I'm not interested in paying for a subscription just to unlock what should be basic functionality in a to do list app.	0
do not for showing or refund&refuse about my persional privacy.	0
It doesn't have sub lists, e.g. "child/school", "child/health" so you see too many lists or too many tasks at once (which is overwelming).	0
Not usefull and even they charge some money :)	0
This app is absolutely useless. Because of this i missed an important event because the reminder alarm supposedly forgot to rang. Its pathetic and useless.	0
Is the app or web platform down today? Can't seem to login either.	0
Have to pay for daily reminders... My phone does that free	0
The app is amazing - but the vibrations! So annoying!! Pls let me turn them off.	0
Dipak day Cox	0
Very bad	0
Location reminders don't work in medium power saving mode.. And all I got in reply was a copy paste solution and a trouble shoot link.	0
Fed up with interruption in each matter I note. Not worth the while HAVING there are far too many condescending workers out inte cyber world who refuse to take no for an answer.	0
Really dissappointed in this app. Was using it to schedule my customers appointments. As soon as the new version came out, I lost everything. Going back to paper as at least my paper won't delete everything. A terrible app for business owners and scheduling appointments. Absolutely horrible and I'm very angry.	0
Thanks to your stupid update I lost ALL of my appointment dates... Terrible garbage.	0
I miss Cal. The updates destroyed it, turned this into a cookie-cutter to-do app. It's a shame.	0
Was great but can't connect with other people since last update. Invite will go out and will even receive the invitation but doesn't link and have had no luck with customer support	0
I WAS TRYING FOR DAYS TO UN SUBSCRIBE. BUT OF COURSE THAT I was charged. Absolutely no support. Horrible and disgusting tactics	0
Update ruined app Last update re-formatted the "Plan My Day" function so the ability to schedule tasks for that day or postpone into the future is unusable, so I have 50+ tasks and to way to arrange them into a comprehensive order. Contacted the developer who emailed me back after 4 days asking for a screenshot of the problem, so I sent it right back. 3 days later - no response from the developer, no fix, nothing. Update9/8: no fix, moved to aCalTasks +	0
👎	0
Does not do weekly reminders correctly. I opened a bug report, and was told that it was a known bug. A reminder app that gets reminders at the wrong time is a big 'no' from me.	0
In app purchases significantly impact experience. £16 a year for features such as recurring tasks, you're having a laugh	0
You need an account because they want to track your cookies for ads	0
Need to create an account to use it.	0
Is NOTHING free anymore??. It looks like a good app but as soon as you open it, it gives the subscription rates 🤬🤬🤬🤬. I uninstalled immediately. Don't bother. Believe it or not, some people don't enjoy being nickle and dimed!	0
Very bad	0
Pratz	0
i sent an ivite to people and everyone got over 50 emails for the one invite. What a joke of a an app.	0
I have to sync whatttt gtfohhhhhh	0
Bring back my money! Why your system stolen my money from pending subscribe? Without confirmation and notification!!!! Wheres my money???	0
WHY IS THIS SO BUGGY NOW? WHY ARE YOU NO LONGER REALLY BEING ATTENTIVE TO QUALITY CONTROL? CANT DELETE TASK ON ONE TRY. CAN NO LONGER DELETE FINISHED TASKS WITHOUT SEVERAL ATTEMPTS. ALL COMMANDS ARE HESITANT. ALL COMMANDS REQUIRE MULTIPLE ATTEMPTS. I HAVE EMAILED YOU 3 TIMES WITH NO RESPONSE. PLEASE ADVISE.	0
Hum hai al Ghj	0
Shabab	0
Makes simple things extremely complicated	0
Even after your response it doesn't change the fact that you are required to have an account to proceed. The reasoning that others do it is negligible. Only way I would rate this app better is if you had an Anonymous auto log in that can be converted to a full account on sign up or log in.	0
The latest update now not working fine at all. It's worsening day by day. The developers now appears to have a different intention that premium paid version is purchased by the users.	0
Just use your basic phone calendar	0
I want to cancel the subscription.	0
MoneyGrabber Wants you to pay premium to choose specific dates.	0
Does not do much different than Google tasks (which is easier to use and is free). As a result I wanted a refund as I only realized this after my 7 day trial. Refunds are only given within 24 hours of their drawing their fee. Not sure that is legal for an automatic subscription after app trial.	0
Bekaar... bagwas.. time waste... useless.. and asking for payment, before use anyway	0
Useless app... Set up 8 reminders during a course of 4 days and not once received any notification! Waste of money.	0
Subscription!!!	0
This app met my needs until this latest update. Dislike the new format to such a degree that it's a dealbreaker. Now I have to start from scratch researching apps to find a replacement. I know, I used the free version so you don't care if I go but this is such a disappointment.	0
It syncs EVERYTHING. terrible. you have to get the pro version in order to be able to do anything actually worth while!!!	0
I don't found usefulness	0
In the calendar of Any.do, 1st of August is marked as bakr-Id, but 22nd August is not marked as Ganesha chaturthi! Is there a specific reason? or was it conveniently forgotten? Developer, please do respond. Because it depends on your response whether to buy it or not?	0
Its a good app but the app keeps crashing when i allow this app to add to my calendar. After adding it to calendar then yhis app doesnt open. Keeps crashing	0
Saying free and simple is not telling people it is a 7 day free trial especially at Google play store and people only know it's a 7 day free trial after they download it. So why won't Google do anything about this app developers not mention their apps have a trial period, which results in people downloading apps for nothing. PS 95% of the app is free, until the trial period finishes.	0
Scam premium that bypasses GooglePlay, On the mobile app you can only buy 1 year of premium while on the website a monthly payment is possible. People buy the monthly more often and the developer listed it on its personal website only to bypass google fee, thus i need to link my card on their site too	0
This new layout is just awful. Just ridiculously awful. I cannot in any way fathom how this got a thumbs up from anybody. Bye bye Any.do, I'm off to download something that wasn't designed by a nine year old.	0
You have to open an account with them. I won't be going there. Would be nice to be given the choice.	0
There is no option to delete the account. If i don't find this app useful, you guyz will keep my data? This is against the policies and norms	0
Efvig	0
Sorry way to complicated. And why would you think I want my information out on your servers? Wanted to create a weekday event spent more time trying to figure out how to do that than it took to write in a diary.	0
Super	0
Worked great for a few years and then the past couple of months it eats anything added to the list! I can sit and watch things drop off before my very eyes!	0
Way over priced for what it does. Not worth it!!	0
Delete application	0
Laggy responses to resolved items and errors in recurring reminders	0
Nice app	0
No new it's repeated app	0
It stop working and I try to reinstall it but same problem	0
Automatically shows the reminder Snackbar when I open other apps without me setting it up, what kind of violation is this??? Stop bugging your users unsolicitedly. Uninstalled	0
I love this app, but I do have one major gripe - I want an option to buy premium once (even at a higher price) and not as a monthly or yearly subscription. Edit - very unhappy with developer response to pricing. I want to buy premium for this great product they made, but it's NOT a service. This isn't Netflix. You're going to turn potential buyers away with this pricing model	0
Atleast make a few features available .. if the customer donot like the app at initial stage than how would he/she ever think about going premium	0
Requires a sign up for features I have no interest in using, but can't opt out of.	0
Did not sign up. App not even on my phone. This payment deduction will be reported and I request you refund my money immediately.	0
Autofill on Android 10 does not work	0
Had charged twice but still not getting premium version access,	0
Have have to make an account in order to use this app. There is no way around it.	0
Creating an account is supposed to ALLOW you, not FORCE you. Uninstalled without trying it	0
Stop Adding Groceries Items Like an Ad	0
Bakwas app	0
I don't get task notifications anymore!!! This app has become useless. I have uninstalled and reinstalled, turned on / allowed notifications in the settings yet nothing.	0
Good improvements but still don't have nag or presisitent reminders. I missing a lot reminders accidentally	0
Useless, ring bells only one time, and not a good reminder	0
Having to pay to set a recurring task is ridiculous and essentially makes the app useless to anyone who doesn't want to pay so this essentially is not a free app.	0
There is some issue in payment.	0
Too complicated. I need a plan to plan tasks.	0
Everything it expects you to pay	0
This app is useless unless you make the monthly payment, in that case does exist other app free and only with the essential	0
Too many features locked behind premium.	0
Worst app	0
I have the same recurring tasks to do every day. I need a to-do-list reminder to buzz me when it's time. The problem with this app, is that those reminder times somehow start drifting every day, giving me different times the next day! That is an annoying fail! Screw it, I'm going elsewhere. if I find a better app, I'll let you guys know. UPDATE : Suggestion did not work, and I found an app, that does not drift. I have moved on.	0
OMG the UI is awful, seriously you have popup for premium every 2 seconds, there's no intuitive way see a normal calendar, you have to create an account even if you don't want to, the app is beautiful but show screen where it's impossible to understand what you have to do. It's a calendar, show a f... calendar.	0
Not good	0
Trash. Yes, it has some nice nifty features but it lacks in complete necessities to actually plan your day. You can make a task, perfectly include subtasks and then add a nice color to the task. But no yellow, because that's already the fixed color of the 'priority label'. Reminders are great, except you can only have one. If I want to have a reminder on Wednesday 10AM and a reminder on Friday 6PM, I'd need a different app. Because this app only allows you to set 1 reminder. Frustrating. 0/10	0
Is it necessary to sign up account? While making a new account it's shows error "oops try again later"	0
I've been using the app for a while and since last week it has been acting weird. I don't receive reminders anymore and it's completely a waste of time to set reminders! Not very reliable right now	0
While it's nice program, I can justify paying for it in perpetuity. That's just insane.	0
Have to pay for recurrent daily task.. which is the main purpose of that app.	0
List sharing sharing is not working. UX is straight from iOS app, terrible	0
Worst app I have ever used, it doesn't do anything.	0
Raben nat s7	0
First thing that happened upon opening is asking for payment. Good job.	0
I do not have much to say in regards to the app itself. It seems to function fine, but it was not the calendar app that I needed. The reason I am giving it 1 star is because I canceled my subscription and account within the seven day free trial and still got charged the yearly rate. The problem has been reported to the company. I will keep this review updated with any action from Any.Do. UPDATE: The gist of the problem is this. Any.do makes it very difficult to find out how to cancel the sub.	0
Unable to register with an email. Clicking"continue with email" will just take you to a login page. Complete waste of time. I searched them first three pages of Google for a solution and found nothing. Found no solution on their help section. I don't want to register with Facebook or Google. If you include a feature, make sure it actually works.	0
My backup is gone, very important data deleted	0
Any.Forget... Had an instance of daily repeating event, that I have marked as complete today and somehow it did skip the next day and only proceeded to the day after. Kind of "daily event with some days skipped". So useless to me as can't be trusted for notifying about daily routine tasks. P.S. don't tell me I don't know how to setup a recurring event!!	0
It works okay, But I did not consent to subscribing at $28/year subscription. I thought I purchased it until I saw that it was renewed for an additional $28. It's definitely not worth that price. Very angry and ripped off. I got charged twice for something that I thought I bought outright. I will never buy anything from them. Ever	0
Very slow app it took me 10 min just to start the app....	0
Updates made that are not fully tested. They need to add option to revert back to the olddd verison. that was simple to use, but most importantly it worked.	0
Anydo	0
App loding ke baad peese maang raha hai, pahle bataaye , data kyo kharaab karwaya	0
Ruined the app by trying to get too fancy. My wife has also become frustrated with it. She has had it since it started and now struggles with it. You should be able to add a task then go straight to set time/day. But instead, you have all the other short cuts there that really aren't.	0
I could not have any expirions about this app	0
Terrible App. Don't waste your money.	0
I couldn't use it	0
Looks like a pretty good app but it doesn't sync with Alexa. Which is the main reason I installed it. Shouldn't be this difficult.	0
Forces you to sign up and use credentials, uninstalled.	0
Hf	0
Most useless app ever used! Very difficult to save anything or find anything! Put some tasks didn't get any reminders so didn't do it! Erasing this nonsense Can't even save this review	0
Its a great app but I dont receive any events notification although I have allowed the notification to come through from this app. I really don't understand why because I have set everything correctly.	0
Virender.kumar	0
Useless	0
Price is high	0
Under subtitle *security* "However, please note that we cannot guarantee that the information will not be exposed as a result of unauthorized penetration to our servers" Sorry no thanks.i just downloaded but after reading privacy policy i prefer going thru •Google official •one & app like calendar required lot of access ,&i personally don't wanna bleach my data like this..btw the tq for placing the info it to let us know :)	0
Bad app	0
Tried doing all the settings as per ur guidence.. but app is not supporting popups in lock screen.. everytime I have to unlock my screen to check the event..	0
This is an overengineered list keeping app that I hate. I kept it for years in spite of that because I was in the ecosystem, but today it locked me out of my grocery list so good riddance. No i don't need it to take thirty seconds to boot up my grocery list so that your algorithm can tell me how to most productively plan my day by sorting my grocery list in order of the order I entered each item. I do not need an any.do minute.	0
KimHong	0
I hate this app 😡😤😤 as soon as I downloaded it my phone was hanging 😠😠😠😡😠😡 😠	0
Monthly fee for Dark mode, really? I could accept a one time payment for such a feature but not monthly.	0
No Grocery widget, Ridiculous... The task widget is confusing, I just want to be able to add stuff simply on the fly.	0
This app has Malware.	0
Not happy, app just asked me to 'sign in' and now has deleted all my previous reminders. I had reminders set up for throughout the rest of this year and now I don't know what they were. You've put me off using your app now, what's the point if it's not reliable!!!	0
Not Making an Account!	0
I was a customer of Any.Do for a while and on March 2020 i clearly asked them NOT to renew my subscription as i found a different company to provide me task manger services - Todoist. More than that - i even consult with Any.Do technical support team how to transfer my database to Todoist and over the phone, i ALSO remind them to cancel it. I received the cancellation notice and I DID NOT ask them to renew/continue any of Any.Do services. More than that - i also have the Invoice from the company i moved my services, Todoist, for the same period of time that Any.Do charged me for. After i tried to contact Any.Do they refused to refund me. Therefore, i let you and everybody to know that I WILL NOT USE ANY OF ANY.DO services anymore and recommend everyone that read this post DO NOT USE ANY.DO SERVICES or you taking a big risk that something like that will happen to you as well.	0
EVERY service I attempted to connect (Gmail, Gtasks, google calendar,) timed out during setup (oops error). Been 2 days and still no reply from support. Device is Samsung S9 with Android 10.	0
This app used to be great when paired with Alexa. Every once in awhile the sync would break but disabling the app and relinking the account would fix the issue. This has not been the case for the past several months. Any.do it is no longer syncing with Alexa and based on the reviews of the Alexa app it is affecting a lot of people, has been ongoing for weeks, and there doesn't appear to be a fix coming. Going to give anylist a try to see if it works with Alexa.	0
I dont know..why people appreciate this app..not user friendly...	0
Time setting is so dumb. Fix it	0
SWEETY SWEETY Kumari	0
Not working	0
No integration with created Alexa Lists.	0
You have to pay for all the decent features... There's nothing you want to do that your alarm doesn't already do	0
can't open	0
Hopeless	0
I dont understand how it works. Not very clear on how to use it. And it comstantly showed notifications for anything i made a note of	0
Do not have option to not connect to fb google or email	0
It's testing the edge of my patience. Even though I have better internet connection it keeps saying "couldn't find the Internet connection. Try again later". It's my first time. I can't sign in so I can't go in to the app and plan anything. Already I tried reinstall twice.	0
This app is awesome. I am currently using the free version and it had everything I need. It truly makes it easy for you to stai organized and not lose tracks of priorities.	1
Great product	1
Great app, helps me to plan my day ahead	1
This app is amazing, changed my life. I'm doing 3x tasks daily since I installed the app, I can't be lazy. The pro version is expesive for a student in my country.	1
Good app 🙂👍	1
I like this app. It is the most simple and straight forward of its type that I've found.	1
Very good	1
Nice app Plzz start	1
Good app	1
Great ☺️👌	1
Great	1
Really good to have when i have a busy week as can put appointments in all at once and other special dates	1
It helps me so much now I can do what I have to do without forgotten anything It is so cool	1
Yrp	1
Aungwaioo	1
I started using this a week ago, it has already became a useful tool for being productive. Really recommend downloading	1
Good experiment.	1
Amazing and fantastic app❤️	1
Interesting	1
i like that app	1
Truly the best planning app! I was looking for a planning app with widgets that can change their size. Was harder than I thought! I love that you can see everythubg even in the smallest widget. That was very important to me. What I also like is that you can see all your tasks in a time line sorted by time. This way I don't miss anything. Subtasks and notes are helpful. I like the separate feature for the shopping list! This app is super flexible and intuitive!	1
মোবাইল নাম্বার সেটিং অ্যাপ	1
Love it! Has been super helpful in getting me more focused ans organized. Super easy to use and love the reminders!	1
It is exactly what I wanted....👌	1
عالیه	1
Very nice	1
Excellent app. I like the design and it helps in making things done on time. The integration with many other apps has played major role in my daily life. I personally use the whatsapp integration feature. Thank you for the creativity.	1
Very Good	1
Best reminder ever	1
good apps	1
great and useful	1
I loved it.	1
Likes it very much	1
I began using this app 18months ago after having a baby and feeling that i was never feeling organised. It has been a game changer in helping me schedual all of the little things and keeping me on track	1
What i love a most is integration with whatsapp, feels like have a private secretary.	1
Spr remainder	1
Very useful aap. I am satisfied	1
Thanks a lot for the reply! It's working great again like before!! 😄😄 (Small suggestion: maybe make this fact more obvious from the app UI or provide sort order as an option for the widget 😀) Thanks again!	1
It's awesome. I've tried some other apps but didn't find as much productive as it.	1
ok	1
Truly amazing. One of the apps that I kept installing even after switching phones. Really helps me to organise my day better. LOVED the interface too, smooth and professional	1
Very useful app. Thanks to the developers!	1
Great To do App	1
Encourages me to do more!	1
Love this app. Used it for years!	1
Amazing app! Just one suggestion please please add feature of setting time in subtasks as well. It would be a really great feature making the app more wholesale!!	1
Been using it for years and planning everything in this app - from work to home payments. As a premium user I really enjoy the lightning fast support, which solves the rare issue that might occur. Five stars!	1
This app is great! I'm able to use an online scheduling tool without having to pay for a subscription. Helps me stay on task at work.	1
This app gets better all the time. I'd be lost without it... And so easy to use!!	1
Awesome app the best	1
My personal secretary	1
Good	1
amazing	1
Very very helpful and easy to use as well. 'Must Have' app.👍👍	1
Write down something on your mind and come back to it later - life saver - store all my thoughts and important revelations in the app to be worked on later	1
New to it but I think it's going to make my life easier	1
Farhan Myao 💔	1
Superb 😍	1
Use this app every day. The only problem is that when you place an item to do in a specific place on a specific day, the item jumps to the top of the day or to the bottom of the list by itself and you have to re-place it.	1
Nice app	1
IT'S AMAZING,IT HELPS ME BE MORE ORGANISED	1
This is awesome	1
Helps very well with work.	1
Best app keep it up	1
I loving this app. It's make me a better people	1
Started using this app in 2014. Still a great app. Of course, the paid version has more features but the basic version is quite useful.	1
Like this apps	1
Love this app it has everything I need and I now remember what I need to do	1
Very good app	1
Very useful. I think it's best for a day-to-day use, but I'm particularly impressed with the grocery list function period really dig it! And it's really cool that it sinks with my calendar!	1
Wonderful App !! Thanks, Any.Do Team.	1
This app my 📱 phone number and used google account number and my all oldest play games with real money and Olympic tired my add all miss and hack accounts add loss money and my all 3 years use number usbGoogle Play Store activities add a"hithis list, not sear in this app use other people birdseed.	1
😉✌	1
Usefull app	1
Past edits	1
This has been invaluable for our work projects and is easy to use	1
This app is so perfect. I love how the widget works.	1
Becoming more efficient after I start using this app. No longer miss any task.	1
Must install great app manges your plan your at an instant and in super organised manner with reminder which is great for it has great features of managing your time for your task	1
Works pretty good. Easy to use.	1
outstanding performance	1
It's a good app for organising your day	1
My experience is good so far.	1
Nicely Arranged Everything	1
Love this app! My go to for organization	1
Very useful in helping my work organized, Love it!!	1
Awesome trip organization	1
Though I had a hard time learning this app at first because I don't know the buttons to tap, but it won't take you long learning that buttons! I can manage my tasks on school properly na!	1
I live it	1
Good	1
Forget everything and enjoy the life. Any.do will ensure you don't forget anything. It's really an excellent app to manage your everyday task so that you should not miss anything from your 'To Do' list. It's quite helpful in every day life. Thanks a lot.	1
Great to keep important things in front of me for a busy schedule. Love the option for when you can set each reminder for.	1
Cheap paid version... covers all u need to maintain a todo list	1
Good remind me to check	1
rathergood	1
Good	1
Excellent customer service and very reasonable staff. They tried to reach me within a week, their responses were very clear and not once did they blame me for any issues I had run into. Overall, a great experience. The app itself is nice as a To-Do list or to organize your numerous tasks by due date, categories as well as location.	1
The 1st October update has an issue in widget. The repeated tasks remain on top despite you mark then done for today.	1
I love this app, and I can't start my day without it, but lately with the new updates I got lost with my tasks list the feature of having today tomorrow and upcoming tasks had been gone which is not good at all. I stopped using the app actually I hope the management of this app will look into this issue and fix it otherwise I will need to look for another app	1
👍	1
Intuitive and motivating way of zooming through your task lists!	1
The best.Pop up reminder is useful as it constantly pops up at the specified time and you can't avoid it until you reset the time and date.This is useful.	1
Class	1
Best app I have found	1
Good, and the most important thing: it's free to use and the basic feature is more than enough for me Been using this for 3 years+, keep it up!	1
I love this app, it really helps me manage everything in my life.	1
Good app	1
Nice	1
Nice easy way to track tasks in different parts of your life.	1
It is absolutely the best tool	1
Excellent	1
Only thing that could make this better and maybe I'm just too dumb to figure out, lol, how to make it work.is if as long as the apps open you could just talk into your phone and say like task/ event instead of having to stop and type it you know but that's my two cents I still love it thank you	1
Good	1
So far so good I just download this to help my husband be more organized.	1
I like this app for the most part. Loads of different plugins however if you want to change the date for your reminder from the default date, it takes 7 taps! SEVEN! That is not great UX and needs to improve. I miss the Wunderlist style smart date adding. Update: The new smart date feature makes this a 5 star app for me!	1
New navigation is far less convenient than the pre update there should be an option to revert it. Update: Thanks for listening, updated to 5 star for the reply	1
Good	1
Just do it	1
Great app	1
The best app ever...worth my money for subscribing.. Cause I'm a student and it's really help me to manage my day	1
I adore this app. For an absent-minded-professor type like myself, having everything I need to stay on track and show up all together in one place that can be accessed across platforms is an absolute lifesaver. The UI is really well designed as well. Highly recommend.	1
Excellent App! Especially for focused practise!	1
Awesome app	1
Great update...	1
2012 REVIEW: Been looking for a simple to do app with drag and drop and this is the best.	1
Very good! Superb app	1
Thanks for your help! 😊 If I may I would suggest that you work on newly added tasks - it would be much more convenient if they didn't end at the bottom of the list. Thank you in advance.	1
Good	1
Amazing	1
Great app	1
Op	1
Good	1
Enjoying this app. Works offline and gives you daily reminders to help you get things from your mind into a list format and encourages you to work through them in one day, or whenever you can.	1
Wonderful application	1
Love it! Gives me everything i need and let me do a monthly subscription so that I can have the few extras that you get with the paid version. Free or paid are worth it	1
Very nice app👍	1
Good	1
Cursor missing often 😒	1
Goods app	1
The best organiser at your finger tips	1
But I want my vip subscription today	1
No se por que, pero no me notifica sin sonido	1
Good	1
Good one	1
Excellent app in every way.	1
I'm loving it 😁	1
I absolutely cannot live without this app. I use this everyday with my family to handle our things to do as well as plan out our schedules. The integrations with so many different applications is another aspect that makes this app a must have!	1
Love it	1
Mira Boss 513+780	1
I love any do	1
Good	1
Good 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍	1
#5 jsmallaadawy Tz🇹🇿	1
Good app to help u planning with fun	1
Works. Would like the focus feature to be more of a timer though	1
New calendar	1
One of "the best helpful apps" I've come across. 😁😁😁😁😁	1
super task app	1
Possibly the best reminder app on the play store	1
You wont steal my information right?	1
Just what I needed! It's a big help for organising tasks and setting reminders when I'm at work.	1
Great app to record and follow up for your daily activities	1
I really love it	1
I love this app	1
Wonderful experience in the free version itself . let's you organize your day and make it optimally productive	1
Very good widget appearance	1
I love the format, layout, and look of this app!	1
Good app	1
So far it's so good	1
Awesome! So organized but simple to use! Love having it as a widget so I can see it everytime I open my phone!	1
best app	1
I really find this app helpful	1
Awesome app. I just love it. I use it every day.	1
I wouldn't be without Any.do. Great app. I use it constantly. Sept. 30, 2020 Premium user for several years now...still love the app! I recently contacted support re getting the 'Focus' capability added to my Any.do phone app and the response was very fast and crisp. Thanks guys!	1
Just awesome, love the app	1
Best ever productivity tool ever used. I have used so many apps, but this app is best of all.	1
V usefull app i love it v much I use it daily work good app world's best note app👍i m very happy with it😄	1
Good	1
Love it. So much love for the developers that have done a stellar job with regards to UI and functionality!	1
Great apps	1
Love it	1
Very helpful. And easy to use love it	1
Awesome app	1
So Nice	1
Best organisation app ever	1
Good app	1
Actually it managed my time successfully and I suggest everyone to use it it's very easy in using as well as it has too much benefits 🖤💗💖👑	1
Love this app, it keep me so organized and help me keep track of my everyday activities	1
Upgraded to the paid version and really loving it. Seemless, easy and fun maneuver whilst assisting me to keep everything organised.	1
Love the shopping list integration	1
Take note	1
Ok	1
Really Helpful	1
Useful app	1
Rahul Nayak	1
This app is the best indeed	1
Perfect so far 👍	1
Usefull	1
I've used a lot of task lists and this one is my favorite. It is so flexible and I can use it for all areas in my life.	1
Awesome	1
Reminder isnt part of standard app. Needs upgrade	0
Reminders are a premium feature you have to pay for. This should be basic.	0
Using this app for atleast 5+ yrs and suddenly the team choose to make reminders a paid feature !! I mean if you are so desperate atleast set a small amount for reminders but that's unacceptable to pay full premium for such a small feature which was the basic thing since the start. Goodbye Todoist Edit (after reply): So you mean, me & every other person who is complaining are all wrong. Reminders were never premium until some time ago. I was using that for more than 5 yrs on free plan. Have courtesy to not lie atleast :(	0
I was recently diagnosed with inattentive adhd and was hoping this app would be an answered prayer for help managing the symptoms, but nothing has changed with reminders since my last attempt at using this. Come on Todoist! Reminders should never be a "Premium Feature" in a task management app!!!	0
I was super happy to download this app but that I soon realized that you have to pay for an alarm so that you get notified for your to-do list	0
I would give todoist more than five stars; However, you keep ignoring users for enabling them to show completed tasks by default is just irresponsible, please add an option to always show completed tasks!	0
Not good	0
Horrible, most of it you have to pay. Even to put a simple reminder.	0
Why do I have to create an account and sign in for a simple to do app? Hella sus	0
No reminder options for free version of this app. How can one purchase without having the opportunity basic experience of what such app is really needed for. My alarm clock would be better than this app. Sorry I don't recommend.	0
Lack of reminder in free version	0
I don't liked becous it is not have the time in my tasks day 😭😧😩😢☹️🙄	0
I will increase one star each day it will help me achieve my goals.	0
Developer holds notifications as ransom for a monthly payment. Would be acceptable for a small membership fee, but I have to pay for all of premium just to get notifications, the whole point of a to-do app? No thanks.	0
Constantly buggy. I've used this app for five years, and they are always pushing bad releases. Right now there is a crash expanding lists, which would have been found with some quick testing. Several years ago I filed a ticket for a big where it jumbles up sublists. Every few months I check in and out still isn't fixed. The web app is not letting you expand sections. The windows app was scrambling the order for months. They must do zero quality control.	0
Why is alarm feature premium? It's the most basic utility someone expects from a to-do app.	0
PROBLEM WITH NEW UPDATE. Since the latest update, the app keeps crashing everytime I try to expand a task's subtasks using the built in "down arrow" button on the right side of the screen. PLEASE FIX.	0
12 hours, just 12 hours I had this app. Received 6 emails for todoist. Why do you think it is acceptable to bombard me with email? On top of the email issue, to make any real use of this app you have to sign up for the premium service. Wont be coming back. Uninstalled and you been added to my junk email list. Pathetic!	0
Doesnt Nofication me	0
Cant use it if notifications dont work. Wont pay if I cant full feature test.....lets take this Corolla for a test drive, we can pretend its the Supra you imagine it might be... but first pay us to find out where you were just imagining vs how it really works....lol. Too bad, genuinely need a good working product.No thanks, it always requires mindless divulging of my banking info, you cant have that, if you have a product you trust let me see it,if I like it,you can have my banking info. Lol	0
For getting something basic of having reminder is a premium feature in this app, which does not make any sense to a reminder app	0
Very simple check list application, if you don't pay no teminders, no comments, nothing. Also there's no even taking simple notes stuffs. Just checklist and and sub task. If you want very basic, use it but tick tick ist best one. Sorry guys. It's reality	0
I like the concept but it is very complicated, specially entering recurring tasks or editing.	0
Really ,push notifications and notifications in general as a premium feature in a to do app....i know you need to make some buck out of this masterpiece, but did you really had to restrict the feature people use to do list apps for.	0
cant use for reminders so what, good is this app for?	0
Requires sign in. Lol no.	0
On free version can't even set a specify time for a task (can only set a date), nor set a reminder. What's the point of a to do list app without these functions? Uninstalled.	0
Need to pay $36 for gerring reminders, the most basic feature of a to-do app. It's like ordering the most expensive gourmet dish at a 5 star hotel and then the hotelier asking for additional money to add salt to the food. LOL. Better to use Microsoft to do and lot of others!	0
This app is a joke They want you to pay for simple feature like reminder whats the purpose of free app then make it all paid	0
No reminder alert for free version.	0
Why the heck do i need to log in with my credentials for this app.. what dev.. you guys think i need to keep a record of what tasks i completed earlier in life and i will be very happy to do that. Ridiculous.. uninstalled.. just needed a to do list app as simple as that.	0
👎 notifications $	0
Not intuitive. I swear items have disappeared. If you want to see what you have already done, you have to pay for premium. No thanks. Back to using Keep.	0
Not so great app apart from its natural language input. Only recently added kanban view but lacks any basic requirements like reminders in the free version. Also the android widget hangs almost always. Never gets updated.	0
Very bad app does not work	0
Via Google assistant, not good. I get the feeling from the current reviews that people are using the app and not Google Assistant. My first experience via Google Assistant has been horrible to say the least. The voice assistant in this app he's badly programmed and kept on misunderstanding what I was trying to do as simple as create a task, complete a task, read task list. It was very difficult to know when to talk as the voice just kept continuing so one had to wait until it completes.	0
I didn't get even the access to add lables and reminder which done for free by many others. I look forward for doist to include at least lables and reminders with the free plan. I really loved but without the mentioned features in the free plan, I don't want to make it my to do list app.	0
All functionality comes with premium account only... Shud have more flexibility for those who are looking for free version	0
Good design but when you uncheck items on a list it doesn't put them back into their original order, making it pretty much useless.	0
Reminders are a PREMIUM feature for some ungodly reason. They are a must for a todo app, what's point of writing it down if you keep FORGETTING it?!	0
Data-mining rubbish	0
It is reliable. The app itself is great. I give one star for the price only. Condering my phone have "reminder" app that is free and built in. This app is really just "burning" my money. Thanks but no thanks.	0
Downloaded the app and added a bunch of items and a couple of categories. Opened it back up a few hours later and everything is gone.	0
ridiculously complicated	0
Spam	0
For sure, this app is good enough, but! After a year of usage they added reminder feature to a premium access. Without reminders your app is useless. Thanks a lot. Even comments went to premium. Completely useless app.	0
This app does not work on my smartwatch. I am not able to log in.	0
Starting out this app was ok, but then I started noticing how limited this is for the free version. Only 10 projects, and where did my completed tasks go? Those should not disappear until I manually delete them. A week into using this, and the workflow I was beginning to establish has been interrupted because my completed tasks are no longer showing up. These are recurring tasks I do daily. I don't know if this is normal for this app unless a task is specifically set for "daily", but it's lame!	0
Extremely complicated to use. can't understand a thing. good app, but it needs a whole tutorial because it does so much	0
Keeps spamming your email (even after you uninstall the app) with marketing emails. No, I don't want your app, I did not like it, I did not subscribe to you email subscriptions, get lost	0
doesn't actually store any notes	0
used to be my favorite apps, but sync bugs drove me crazy too many times, auto replace link with title made me mad, cancelled subscription & uninstalled	0
I am colour blind and dyslexic. Not able to read anything. I can't zoom in and I need to pay in order to see the colours better. [update] As I said, I would have to pay the app in order to have the right fonts and colour so I can actually read and make use with it. I've tried WeNote, and it's the app I need, without having to pay premium.	0
I've tried a dozen+ task list apps in the last few days (and many before that), looking for certain features. I don't know if this has them because it requires an account just to try it (no "skip login" option). Nowhere did I see the creators/reviews say an account is required even for starting/basic use. One star: non-web, non-collab, non-premium features should be accessible without account. Then I finally read 1- star reviews, now glad I didn't sign up: apparently the spam emails never cease.	0
Worst most useless app I've had the misfortune to try. Literally zero point in having this over Google calendar. Don't waste your space. It's useless. You can't have recurring tasks& everything is behind a pay wall. Avoid.	0
I can't do the things I want , like setting alarm	0
NOBODY IS RESPONDING TO MY SUPPORT EMAIL IT HAS BEEN DAYS WHAT IS THIS? I NEED HELP ALL MY INFO IS GONE AND NOBODY IS DOING ANYTHING FOR DAAAAYYSSSSSS	0
Everything was a purchase immediately after downloading. Bummer	0
Please allow more complexity in setting recurring tasks for example daily routine go to bed at 10pm ev weekday and go to bed at 12am ev fri, sun. It's frustrating having to create multiple tasks for the same recurring task just because I want it set to a different time. Will leave my review at 1 star and upgrade to 5 once fixed. Look forward to any updates from Devs on this one.	0
LOL greedy app devs. They charge $36 annually or $48 if you select the monthly option. If you get the premium version, it'll allow you to receive push-notifications for a scheduled task. Like, to set a timer / alert for something on your list. Uninstalled. For $40, the app better be making you breakfast in the morning.	0
WARNING RE THIS APP. Got Premium, followed instructions to Integrate w/calendar w/vpn active, got security alert minutes later that an attempt was made to login to my email account w/my password. Had to hustle to protect my account. Thank you Google for superb alerts, shame on you Todoist for open back doors.	0
This is the to do app with the best features (or just the features I personally need). However, my recurring tasks keep disappearing, which is simply unacceptable behaviour for a to do app.	0
You will be asked to upgrade to a premium just for the sake of adding reminders. Well that is not satisfying, reminders should be available just in the beginning.	0
Fighting the input method rather than getting stuff done. "Natural language" will no way allow me to set a task called "Register for 3 Oct SAT test" for this Friday. Something simple as adding a note requires Premium. I'm going back to ToDo	0
Too expensive. Ticktick is better	0
Too complicated and not well organized	0
It started to send emails asking me to add go running or make coffee..I wanted a todo list that I could share with my wife..not another wife telling what I should be doing	0
What good is a todo list app without a reminder, why would you make the most important thing a premium feature. Don't download this app it's USELESS!!	0
App is not starting.. just showing blank black screen	0
Great app but the fact I can't see my recurring tasks for example for the whole month to know if I'm free on specific day in the future insteas I need to check week by week is a deal breaker although I did pay for the premium and this feature is not avalible. Will give 5 stars if this important feature is in the app.	0
Minimal features to force premium purchase. This app advertises itself as a an alternative to Microsoft for people forced to migrate from Wunderlists. Wunderlists was an excellent, fully featured list app with reminders, repeatable tasks, folders to group similar lists, and the ability to share any list with anyone via email or the Wunderlist app. Todoist allowed import from Wunderlist and mostly supported these features until summer 2020 update made every useful feature ONLY be in premium.	0
This app let's you create 1 list then when you go to create the next one you can't without paying.	0
Cannot delete account. Tired of getting email notification everyday. Worst app ever	0
It is the worst app in my life .!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!	0
Charges for service not received. Can not contact	0
Not as good compared to other apps. Not a very user frndly interface and essential features like reminders are pro features.	0
TD;DR You have to register. You get blasted with emails. Free version is as good as free native app. It's not clear what features you get if you spend money. It's disappointing. Most features are behind a pay wall (which is fine) - I'd be more than happy to pay if I understood what those features are and having used the app, I still don't know. Also you HAVE to register with them and as soon as you do you get blasted with emails, which is by far the most annoying thing this app does.	0
Everything is a premium feature. Everything else is a basic list	0
Worst only useful when you are using premium	0
Too complicated so uninstalled but still getting unasked for and annoying emails every day.	0
you need to subscrib the app to use it they make alot of thing lock and to unlock it you need to subscrib .	0
In daily tasks, if i tap once on yesterday, it becomes tomorrow. Where is today?	0
Money-grubbing app that charges "premium price" for features that other apps offer for free. I don't see a single feature that would justify spending 4 bucks a month on it. Ad supported is better than this slick dump - at least you pay just once to remove the ads and then you can enjoy your app. That being said, just writing your list out and crossing stuff off is preferable to this with no monthly charge to do it	0
Daily emails, can't even see my important emails because of spammers like you	0
Not really usefull too difficult to use	0
Bad reviews are a real turn off for me.	0
What good is a task management app if it cannot give reminders	0
Without paid membership there was no use of this app.. so guys don't download it.	0
You want me to pay you monthly so I can have a reminder?! Ahahaha, you must be out of your mind!	0
Poor support response or lack thereof. You can't fully delete a history so I had to create a new account. Been waiting 12 days for support to transfer my licence over. Have followed up and still no response. Very disappointing. Ref no 507634	0
Can I rate it zero? I spent time explaining support that new widget doesn't follow anymore default /system android theme. Before this ridiculous widget update it followed it and switched to dark mode automatically. Nothing fixed and only meaningless questions from, most likely, outsourced support is all I got. Note 10 Plus/Android 10/June security patch EDIT I do not use any custom launcher. Running stock firmware, totally	0
glad i only selected 1 month. they try too much to make a sleek design, that its counter intuitive, especially for repeating tasks.	0
This app will send spam everyday, even when you block them.	0
👎	0
Sends lots of emails, you can't choose a duration for your tasks it's only limited to a day . It's good if you like to be bombarded by emails for a task that you totally know it's not over due , also the user experience is too complicated	0
I deleted this app and it still sends me emails everyday! Its a waist of time anyway	0
REMINDERS are a PREMIUM FEATURE in a TO-DO APP? Really????	0
Awful, can't barely open it up. Just black screen on the main activity and that's it. No reboot or reinstall helped. Fix asap.	0
Sends mails claiming monthly payments of $4 without yearly commitment but monthly without yearly commitment costs $7 And also the app is quite crappy without premium, and premium at $4 would still be too expensive for what you get.	0
Every thing is for premium users!	0
Required me to sign in to use it? Pass.	0
Without premium features it's just garbage. What have kept you guys from removing the free version from Play store?	0
App not starting on my Xiaomi Mi 9 SE, Miui global 11.0.6. Just a black screen. The chrome app does work (clicked on add to home screen from the website) but I really wanted to use the widget. Very disappointing	0
Worthless, u can add tasks and things to do in the future but it won't remind you or allow u to set alarms unless you pay for premium membership... Lame.. #instantdelete	0
Way too expensive for the premium features. While I don't mind paying for an app there are many other apps that track to-do items for far less money	0
Reminders are a premium feature, which is what I needed this app for. It really sucks that I can't use reminders for free. I have to continue the search for a good reminders app.	0
Now you can't even see the *today's* completed tasks without paying premium? Seems like "how much inconvenience can we cause to the users to force them to pay before they abandon the app?" This is a todo list. It's not like you've solved a new problem, produce content, or provide any significant service. Response/edit: currently, you can only see by project or subtasks, but not by today's tasks. Seeing today's completed tasks is the bare minimum to observe your progress throughout the day.	0
outpour pilpikoo Moli; knpm i cordova-androidHoliday Love molexercise left arhm stretch appointments medicine tkio do fooodannual property tax care regiostrnpm i cordova-androidnpm i cordova-androidHoliday LoveHoliday LoveHoliday LoveHoliday Love on i cordova-androidation's going knm inspection	0
The company has removed the feature that elevated the tool from others completely unannounced. Without it it's just a list tool with inconvenient UX, limited possibilities of organizing your tasks, absolutely useless and badly calculated karma and overpriced premium. Would not recommend to anybody - there are tons of better tools.	0
bug bug bug bug bug, please don't tell me these bugs are features because i am a android programmer too.	0
Log in required	0
The recent update is kinda trashy. It no longer automatically assigns dates to tasks when I type "tomorrow" or "on 8th June" along with the task.	0
No free trial, cant even try it, JUNK. then they spam you forever	0
I need to pay just to use reminder damn never using this app again so money hungry.	0
Terrible for free use, can't even schedule reoccuring events all at once- have to re-enter everything each time they occur! When you have a lot of things that happen every day, several others once a week, still more at other intervals, this App is useless unless you PAY.	0
No options to repeat a task. Why else would i want a to do list? Might as well use a pen and paper.	0
No Reminder option. Why u showcase it in ad when it's a paid service?	0
I just installed the app and ran it to see how I liked it. For my taste, way too crowded UI. Then, I started receiving email notifications at least once a day about a task it automatically creates for the user, which is to add a task. I was annoyed so I uninstalled it. The email notifications continued. I had to manually unsubscribe from receiving email notifications about a task I never created from an app I am not using. Unjustifiable behavior!	0
Have to pay $4/mo if you want the reminders to work. I have ADD. The reminders are the #1 thing I need in a to-do list!	0
Can't work effectively on the free version	0
Was looking for a replacement for Wunderlist, and found this app. Looked like a great alternative to Wunderlist. Installed the app, and started to setup bill reminders, only to find that, thre primary reason fir a To Do app is reminders, is only available for $36/year. REALLY?! NO THANK YOU!	0
You create good think bt every option you when i use just close it and subscription to much price 350 par month os is really....	0
reminders are premium features now, means app is completely useless. need to search for an alternative that can migrate tasks now... great 🙄	0
Putting "reminder/notification" as a premium feature makes the free version totally useless. Uninstalled.	0
The old navigation was better, especially on desktop. I miss being able to edit directly, now I have to go through more steps.	0
I've used the new major redesign for a month or two now, and it's definitely a step back. Especially on desktop web. Editing is such a chore now, I hate the pop-up!	0
i bought full premium version for lifetime in 2016 and didn't use much at that time. Now it says i have free plan and wants me to pay again for upgrade... please help	0
What mess, can't undo a task if pop up is disappeared, this app is too overrated! Lean from ticktick...........!	0
I dont need my card to set the reminder	0
2 out of 3 features require premium. No, I am not going to do that.	0
it is impossible uninstall this one	0
Reminders is a paid feature. What a joke.	0
, every time I put a task in it removed the number in the name and put it in my inbox.... Why???	0
Really difficult app to use. Loads of problems and shortcomings. For example, there's no calendar so one can't go back to the day a task was set. I'll give it another week or so but if I haven't got to grips with it by then I will delete the app. This app is far too difficult to use for my little brain (IQ 147) so I have uninstalled it.	0
Reminders feature behind in app purchase. Seriously? Thats the most basic function of to do list. No way im going to pay you monthly just for reminders	0
Subscription for reminders $5. Well it's fine I will move to Google Tasks.	0
The smart schedule feature was removed without notice. Until that's fixed to me, the app is like any other to-do app, I've started to look elsewhere	0
Worst	0
Will never touch this app again! Tried twice - on both occasions I've regretted it. Considering alternatives like TickTick or even Microsoft Todo, I don't know why you would actually pay for this. Not worth the money. Support is also condescending and incompetent. It's all good though - you got my money. 🤬	0
Basic features such as reminders and labels need an upgrade. And it costs 3200+ rupees in India. That's how much we pay for an entire year's electricity bill or groceries for a whole month! Way too expensive for such basic features. NKT WORTH IT! USELESS APP!	0
Too hard to use. No tutorials make it worse	0
Anything beyond keeping a simple list (including reminders) is paid	0
Seems pretty fancy, but $32 a year for reminders when most competing apps offer that as a basic feature for free??? For a to do list app??? Yeah no thanks.	0
Baad	0
Many features are available just for premium	0
Garbage	0
Time reminder available to to premium only ..??? Really !!! 🤬🤬🤬 pretty desperate to earn some bucks .	0
Looks like it would be a nice app, but basic functionality like setting a reminder is an in-app purchase	0
Reminders are behind a paywall	0
Used to be affordable. Now more expensive than US pricing!	0
One of the key premium features of this app is labeling, which unfortunately doesn't work properly. When I try to move a label to a shared section, the app crashes. Additionally there is an inconsistency between Android and iOS in how the labels work. In Android I can see the whole list of labels even without tasks, on iOS a label is deleted when there are no tasks marked with the label. This together makes sharing labeled tasks with my wife really annoying	0
Subtasks are completely useless. If you plan on using subtasks and have it repeat at all, it just does not work. A "powerful" Todo list and Google's Keep app with checkboxes has better functionality.	0
Boring	0
Pretty cheap when basic features are premium and cost $4 - $5.5 monthly. Immediately uninstalled. I'll stick to Any.do for now. Premium is almost half-price.	0
Everything included in premium feature . Only frame work is there.	0
Widget not loading?!?	0
I spent hours trying to get my Wunderlist info imported to todoist with no success. Looks like it might be a decent app, but guess I'll never know.	0
No notification on free version ☹️	0
Worthless, uninstalled after 2min what is the point of adding my schedule and goals without having a reminder!! This is the basic goal of the app you can't make it premium just make the full app with subscriptions instead of scamming people to have more downloads	0
It disturbs when they send unnecessary e-mails	0
The natural language thing is a gimmick and a nightmare to use. Simple tools would be so much easier. Despite paying for Premium, just to get reminders, it took me almost 10 minutes to set a recurring task and it still didn't automatically set a reminder. I've been patient, I've tried, I've read and re-read all the rules (spent hours trying to learn everything) but it still doesn't work. It obviously works for most people but I found it to be an over-complicated and frustrating waste of time.	0
I am using this app for years, premium version. Until now was working fine but for a month or so the sync between mobile and desktop client is not working so the app is useless for me now. Wrote to support without any reaction. Don't recommend.	0
I dont like this	0
Basic features like comments and tags are behind a subscription wall	0
An outright scam!!!! For absolutely any basic functionality they are going to charge and everything you add will incur extra charges. Just a get rich quick scam by a couple of cheats.	0
Guys, what is a task limit? Why? It's not the way it should be.	0
Free or trail version has nothing! You can't set a reminder for your tasks!	0
Everything behind a pay wall...	0
Pay for everything except if you are here only to create and delete tasks. You have to pay for reminder, label, comments or for atleast the dark theme.	0
Reminders, the most basic of features, is "premium" in this app.	0
"reminders are a paid feature" That's one of the most basic feature of a to do app!! Why even bother to have a free version? THIS IS STRICTLY A PAID APP.	0
There are no recurrent feature. Reminders feature is premium.	0
Please revert to your old version & interface! The new widget has made the app completely unusable. It used to be my favorite task management app and now I'm searching for alternatives, on the verge of uninstalling it! P.S. Please introduce a feature to permanently sort items by date on the widget itself, when you add a new task. I have to keep going to the main app to sort it by date.	0
After the latest update I cannot find a way to sort my All list by due date any more. Thus the app is now useless to me.	0
everything is premium 🐸	0
Requires account. It's free because they make money harvesting your data.	0
Once again you've made this worse by redesigning the widget. It was fine as it was. Now I can't select multiple items at once to perform one action like tick off more than one thing at once or set a new date to more than one item. If this carries on I'm definitely not renewing my subscription. Please restore	0
I couldn't figure out a way to sync with my Google Tasks, and then now the app won't uninstall from my watch.	0
Subscription service to enable simple reminders is ridiculous. I was willing to pay a one time fee for a solid app, but having to pay nearly $5 per month just to enable reminders is absurd. Once I saw how many basic features were being kept behind a pay wall, I had to stop using it	0
"Reminders are a premium feature"	0
Two word - Paid mess. Please dont waste data and get tricked by editors choice , just go for a better app.	0
Don't lock reminders behind a pay wall, or if you do, make it a 1 time purchase.	0
Update 04.2020 - this is getting worse and worse still, with every update. Now they made it harder to edit your task - they moved it behind two clicks. Why?? Seems like this app is moving away from the todo-app for power users to just another todo app, same as any other. This is the last time I paid for the premium subscription. Time to move. ----- It used to be the best for power users, but after the latest "updates", the app keeps getting worse and worse. I am not really sure who this updates are for, definitely doesn't seem like it's for its core user group.	0
Rescheduling tasks is simply randomly not working. Rescheduling something for today can make task dissapear, earlier I have experienced that it duplicated tasks. This way a basic functionality is broken and I just lost what should I follow-up today... No activity log available, as that is a paid feature. I guess I will never try that now.	0
Dislike the latest widget downgrade - the loss of the ability to select multiple tasks is frustrating. Not sure how long I will stick with this app now as the widget is far less user friendly than previous version.	0
Anything that calls itself a to do list that doesn't include a reminder unless you upgrade is useless. Uninstalled.	0
I want to schedule a task daily ! Should I add it every day ?! What's the way ??	0
New android widget is garbage. "Full control" yea ok you took away useful features and gave us more theme options. Can no longer open app from widget and most importantly you can no longer select multiple tasks from the widget which was super useful for rescheduling.	0
Good	0
Mostly features are for premium account and you can not delete account once you create. Disappointed with to this app	0
I will use other app. I will not pay	0
Not easy to use. Horrible design.	0
Needs registration. Can't use existing caldav task accounts	0
In basic app why can't even add comment its not even basic when it comes to free.	0
$36 per year for push notification reminders? No thanks.	0
Requires my email? No thanks.	0
First, the app changed my task name. Then, the task just disappeared and was not in the app. Bad app.	0
The Google Calendar integration is riddled with bugs and it has been this way for months. They don't fix it and they are pretty slow on their communication. TickTick is becoming very tempting.	0
Pay to remind??? Really???	0
Total waste of money.	0
This app is awesome. I have a sugestion, in the app can't see the projects order by folder, will be good can see by folder	1
This app is such high quality in its usage and visual design. It's on par with the quality you'd expect from Google.	1
It's revolutionised the way I work as a medical student. Makes going from one task to another effortless, allows me to stick to breaks, etc	1
Awesome app. I am enjoying its simplicity and effectiveness.	1
Simply brilliant, they put a lot of effort into a quick and smooth user interface (keyboard shortcuts, keywords, date detection) that allow me to implement GTD (almost ;) ) at the speed of my thoughts. Keep up the excellent work!	1
Very good!!!	1
This app is one of the coolest app	1
One of the best ToDo apps out there. Started using it as a personal reminder list but the more I learned about the app, the more conveniently it weaved itself into my life. Now it is an important part of my workflow.	1
Exceptional tool to boost one's productivity. Thanks for this amazing app.	1
Been using this app for a couple of years and overall it's been solid. It's not only a life-saver but it also provides a clean minimalistic aesthetic and intuitive options throughout the ENTIRE app. High quality developments. Seems only natural to have bugs here and there, or else they'd never be able to improve the app's functionality and innovate as a result. Attentive helpful customer support team, devs, AND they provide guides,templates and very helpful tips on their site. Keep it going :)	1
Love it!	1
2020 update: 4 years later I have upgraded to a premium version, especially after all the newly added features. I've tried many other list/reminder type apps and Todoist stays my favorite. 1st review in 2016: I'm still getting familiar with the app after a week but it seems to be very easy to use. Simple adding items, categorizing them. I'm using the free version.	1
Good stuff. Helped me realise what a stupid slacker i am. Brb gonna go jump off a cliff now	1
Best app for to-dos. The highlight is Natural Language Processing.	1
Great!	1
Changed my life	1
Simple but flexible app for managing todo lists and notifications.	1
It does what I need when I need it and it provides me with in information I require to be more efficient. Plus it is linked to Alexa so it it easy to add tasks or even groceries to my lust. It's a win, win!	1
Great app and it is way better than your regular reminder application. Gonna start using it for my daily life routine	1
It remembers my todos, so I can focus on executing those todos. Helps alot in achieving more.	1
Can you please available the mobile reminder service for free? It's very important for me but I am not able to buy it.	1
Awesome app, helping me to boost my productivity everyday.	1
Love it! Simple to use, and just the perfect amount of prompting	1
Best todo app	1
Superb.	1
The bug's been fixed so i wanted to update the review! Todoist is a really great app; it's slick, it's easy to pick up & use, and it's been essential to me in my day to day life. The date and time input for tasks is super intuitive (ev 10 days/ev 1st & 16th of the mth etc) and I appreciate how easy it is to have tasks loop even with weird intervals. The free version has pretty much everything the average user needs, but I'm sure the features of the paid version will b well worth the price	1
Amezing	1
Extremely useful app!	1
Very useful. Thanks	1
Great app, I'd recommend to anyone that has problem solving, and anxiety issues. It helps me sleep to be able to make todo lists for the next day.	1
Really helps me get stuff done and on time...	1
Just became perfect. They listen to customers' feedback. Impressed how they improved all the shortcomings they had before.	1
It is great app to plan your day. It is easy to use and fast.	1
Very good	1
Absolutely amazing app and seriously have nothing bad to say. I wish that we can get more perks as we use the app and its features more to encourage us to mange our time wisely	1
Basic and nice. I can advice	1
Nice app	1
I love the fact that I can create a list of items to do and check them off as I go right here in this app. The notifications are like my own personal secretary. It has helped me tremendously with productivity.	1
L it is excellent marvelous amazing	1
Like	1
Extremely easy to use with excellent visual cues.	1
Extremely helpful. This app has helped me form new habits and become way more productive.	1
Love it! Easy project organization and to do list option. The widget for Andriod is AMAZING!	1
👌✨	1
Since last major update, rescheduling a task takes you to the day where it is scheduled, preventing you from quickly rescheduling all tasks on a given day. Productivity killer.	1
This app is where I have outsources my brain. My entire life runs on this app and it's so smooth compared to many others. I love how seamless the experience feels between devices	1
I have used the premium version of this task manager for several years. Cross-platform functionality is a must and it integrates well with several other programs (email, calendar, IFTTT). Great for those using GTD methodology. Try the free (limited) version, then upgrade for full capabilities.	1
It's a great app for the one's who don't want to waste their very single moments in this life. It's helpful in achieving goals and to increase productivity in your daily life. Thank you so much to #Doist. Keep moving forward ♥️	1
The best of the best Plan youe entire life 💜💜💜	1
Great app to plan your day!	1
Very useful, I love it 🥰	1
I am new to it but so far an excellent app	1
This app is so amazingly done and so helpful. I can't begin to describe how much value this app has to me. This app make a huge difference in my life by allowing me to build habits and be consistent with them!!	1
Helps me member and get so much done	1
Todoist is simple, customisable, and helpful app to get things done. Must have app for Productivity.	1
Definitely the best app out there for syncing honey-do lists, especially if your life is complicated.	1
Brilliant App! Been using it every day for over 3 years and I love it.	1
Great, clutter free, to the point app with enough features (if you think it doesn't exist, Google it! There's many hidden things you need to know!)	1
Excellent and very helpful	1
Love the sync	1
A pretty easy way to keep track of tasks and set reminders, whether recurring or not	1
You remind of the todos I had planned to do and didn't do. This keeps me updated. Love it	1
Helps me cope with my preoccupied life	1
Love it. Feel less stressed and more organised lately.	1
Best todo app ever	1
Extremely helpful at helping me keep track of all the task I need to get throughout the day.	1
It's very easy to add tasks with its incredible Natural Language Processing.	1
Most clear and useful app out there. Tried many, keeping todoist ❤️	1
Superb app! fulfilling more than expected	1
Just amazing. I just want an option to set the list in order that i prefer even if I set them by !!1 !!2 !!3 or !!4.	1
Perfect for daily use. Don't look further, this is your planning app	1
Perfect and awesome	1
it was easy to use and very helpful to put my to-do in a digital form	1
Love this app!	1
I love it	1
Android has very few todo/reminder apps that are even worth downloading. This app is an exception and definitely worth the download.	1
Excellent App.	1
Very user friendly. nice UX job.	1
Awesome app. A request to the devs: I wish there was some way o take notes in this app that is linked with a task. So it will be better for future reminders.	1
Best to do list tool. I have 30 things to do every day but this app keeps me in line and I meet my deadlines. Between remote work, homeschooling, running errands and holiday shopping, this is so useful. I even have it on my laptop so the team who created this...thank you!	1
A fantastic app for trying to manage your life and time.. yet still fail. But the app actually makes me remember that I have something to do. But still.. I won't do it.. for.. reasons.	1
A real help to get up to speed with remembering task of new job.	1
Awesome, saves so much time and effort	1
This app is a big help for me in my Work-Study-Life Management.	1
Good	1
A literally effecient app to plan daily & shleduled tasks, goals as well as projects. Easy & user friendly UI. Whether user just wants to note some random tasks or very specific scheduled tasks & projects; it's useful.	1
The best customer experience I had in 12 years.	1
Super useful app!	1
The free version is pretty easy sofar	1
Update: As a big user of sub-projects, I was disappointed to see their usefulness go when they no longer appeared in the main project. However, I have recently been pleased to notice the new "Sections" feature now allows me to replicate that functionality, and being able to display them a board is a nice touch. I also appreciate how the functionality of the Wear OS app has come along when other developers have been dropping watch support.	1
UPDATE: Thank you for the fantastic updates on this product! I've moved completely to Todoist now and greatly appreciate the support community. Recommend subscribing to Carl Pullin's YouTube channel to learn all kinds of goodness with using Todoist. Use for GTD. Capture is excellent! Processing and Organizing are easy. Still working on review discipline.	1
This app has blown me away! Rarely if ever rate an app, but there are no ads, and the free version is still incredibly highly functional... Just so impressed- well done to the team!	1
Great	1
Es útil para tener todas mis tareas pendientes, además funciona bastante bien.	1
My organisation skills have never been as good before I used this app. Its on all my devices. Makes sure every day of the year is not wasted	1
On the free version. Very intuitive and has made a difference to my organisation. Thank you!	1
Satisfying, concise and helpful in organizing my workload accordingly. I recommended this app to many people, it's definitely worth installing.	1
The best organizational tool on my phonesv	1
Great, simple app for managing daily tasks. Keeps your tasks in sync on all devices.	1
Just think of this app as your brain 🧠 🤣Anything you think of put it in the inbox. This is your RAM( Random access memory ) power. No storage required, give ur brain the much needed space 🙌🏽. Take a look at YouTube video tutorials. There are a lot of people using this app with really good setups. Definitely set this using ur computer. I believe this is the only way to link ur calendar. Gmail has the best integration.	1
Love it. It's simple, but just the thing I need to keep my to-do list written down and handy for easy access.	1
Excellent program and several YouTube videos to better understand the use of the software.	1
Very functional and satisfying to use! On an Oppo phone.	1
Imposter	1
Excellent Task Management 👍👍	1
Bom	1
Very Good!	1
I'm really enjoying this app. It's helping me juggle between planning my cross-country move and daily life	1
Easy to use and can integrate with other apps	1
Can't imagine living without it 😅😅	1
Good	1
I've used several and this is the best I've used. Clean interface and every feature I want.	1
It could really help me to be more well organized	1
I really love this app.it helps me focus on my study	1
Good	1
Used this app to get away from physical to do lists I had scattered everywhere. Works great and I appreciate the ability to really organize my lists!	1
It helps me be more efficient!	1
Great app helps plan my day and give me foresight into what's coming up	1
I love this app, *but* with the disclaimer that I don't like how it syncs with google calendar. When I synced it, ALL of my todoist entries showed up as calendar events, making it impossible to use my calendar. And, I couldn't un-sync it. So I ended up having to completely delete that todoist account and make a new one with a different email. That was some time ago (two years?) So it's possible the sync function is improved.	1
Like the fact that Desktop and App syns automatically	1
Excellent application	1
I love it SO much! It's skyrocketed my productivity level & my focus, it's easy to use, & the features in premium are so worth it- thank you to the Todoist Team!!	1
Love the product. Keeps my life on track.	1
Great experience.	1
Sync across devices easily and quickly. Easy to create lists and love the layout	1
This is the best to-do list app. Much better than Google or Microsoft alternatives.	1
I love how easy it is to add items, and that they sync across platforms and devices Also, that I can add them to /through Alexa	1
Very good experience with todoist	1
Perfect software for actio items management	1
🥰🥰🥰😘😘😘😘	1
Great app	1
To focus on studying with this app is a brilliant idea cause it reminds you to do homework even more strictly than your teachers. A must-have app	1
Enjoying the process to choose what is essential.	1
Very effective way to plan and execute the day to day activities.	1
I looooove this app i really recomend it its easy to use and it reminds you	1
Very good. It's worth using properly. Take a little time to learn everything about it and you will find that you have more time and less stress.	1
Its perfect for student's like me who take every day as challenge and tend to forget what's important each day.	1
Great!	1
For a disorganized person -me- this is a big help and pretty easy to use	1
Excellent and very straightforward and easy to use especially now Boards (kanban-style) are here. As I am very spatially-oriented this is ideal for me.	1
Switched from an extremely full and disorganized calendar, notebook, and phone notes to Todoist. Now everything is in project folders and I can keep track much easier - one for each of my classes, work, and home. I love it and now I spend less time on my phone and more time getting stuff done. My only suggestion for the Devs is to allow users to hide the large "labels," "projects" and "filters" folders if we don't use them. I don't like filters and wish I could hide it.	1
Nice app, useful and easy to use. The free version has lots of options to serve the goal.	1
Very useful. It helps keep track of productivity very well.	1
I have found this app AWESOME so far! It really helps to remain organized! Just 1 hard suggestion, if possible, please add facility for completing periodic goals, like what i am working, is for betterment of my carrier in coming 5 years. Thanks a lot once again!	1
Wonderful app! Really helps me to work on what's important!	1
Perfect	1
Good app... helps to check each activity on hand.	1
It's a great app.... love it	1
I love the feeling of ticking off things I've purposes to do and actually accomplished at the end of the day and todoist aids in that great sense of accomplishment. Super grateful	1
Maybe I'll get around to using it!	1
Best productivity tool ever	1
Excellent app. Very easy to use!	1
Powerful, convenient and intuitive	1
Worth it. Simple Elegant Useful	1
This is beyond helpful when planning out my day. I use this for both school and personal projects. It's aesthetic, organized, and simple to use. I'm in love with Todoist! 💛	1
Love it! Nice way to stay organized	1
By far the absolute best to-do app! The free version is great and the paid version is even greater!	1
Awesome experience 👏	1
This app changed my life. Nice overlay.	1
Very usefull app for procrastinators	1
Still learning how to integrate this app to my workflow.	1
Goods App	1
Very versatile and easy to use	1
Been using this app for 3 years.	1
Best app to manage your to do list, and its syncing feature b/w laptop & mobile is amazing...	1
This is beginning to change my life.	1
The best option for productivity. Use this tool with GTD system and see the magic.	1
Intuitive and very helpful 👌	1
Very user friendly	1
If you work it, it will work for you.	1
It is a great productivity tool, keeps you on track with everything you set out to do	1
Best todo list I have used so far. Works on every device I have just perfect ❤️	1
I've tried to use to-do list type applications before. I see the benefit in them. But they never really stuck with me. The customization and organization options in this app make it great. I use it daily.	1
The new board view is a nice improvement.	1
Great	1
Great reminders	1
Awsome! Love that google assistant take my voice notes to todoist!	1
Great so far	1
Loving it so far. The absolute high that I get from checking off important tasks on a to-do list is indescribable. Todoist is my white rabbit. But actually it really is great. Feels intuitive. Other than an occasional crash when I move tasks to different sections, causing me to reopen it once again, I really enjoy using it.	1
Great app to keep on top of life!	1
Great for basic lists to project management!	1
I love the app	1
**Second Update, Sep 2020** A solid choice 👍 Have been using Todoist for about 5 years. They are like a very slow 🐢 (in terms of releasing features) that you love and hate at the same time, but at the end of the day, this is a super powerful tool that has passed the test of time. Highly recommend.	1
Amazing tool to organize your day.	1
Great app.	1
Great app	1
One of the best apps I used in my whole life. Superb, thoughtful, subtle design makes you want to use it, and this is the key!	1
I'm enjoying a lot my experience with todoist. My productivity is increasing.	1
I love it	1
This app is fantastic! It is so easy to use and has a sleek dashboard that makes it easy to follow up on my own tasks. Free version is great and has all the features I need.	1
Superb	1
The perfect to do app.	1
Awesome	1
Absolutely love this App! Especially it's support for markdown 😉	1
Phenomenal	1
This app is making me manage better! I love it, specially when I use it on different platforms and web. I definitely suggest it to my friends.	1
I like the app so far. Good game changer.	1
cool app	1
Honestly the best app I could ask for. Managing and completing tasks in a form of projects.	1
Good	1
Greedy app...Not worth the cost, atleast can make it a one time purchase. You can install Google Calendar, tasks ,habit tracker seperately for free and still use it	0
Wanted to try it out but the features I wanted (pomo, monthly calendar view, etc.) are only available with a subscription. Wish I discovered that before syncing google calendar info.	0
Used to be a good app, now it's all buggy...	0
Pointless to have an account if you cannot have a task that lasts two days without paying for premium. Pomodoro is also premium.	0
Crashes my phone everytime a notification pops up to ask if I did a task. Shame because I like feature of building a habit but they can't even get this one feature right. This is just a guess but I believe it's because of the second pop-up after you hit "yes" to rate your mood. Pretty useless additional feature.	0
Not advisable and reliable. highly complicated.	0
Love ticktick but the lag on the latest version of the mobile app is unbearable.	0
I paid so much......can you remove the subtask...is annoying...lagging..hang...not the best anymore...extremely dissapointed....worse and worse...please..please...do a new update...	0
I PAID FOR THIS YESTERDAY AND I GOT MY PREMIUM ONLY FOR ONE DAY??? TODAY I'M NOT PREMIUM AGAIN?? I had enough disappointment because my 2nd device didn't get premium after I PAID and now my first device also like this??? I emailed you since yesterday and also write on feedback on app but I got NO REPLY!!!	0
WARNING : steals data, Routes info to chinese servers before uploading to your cloud account. Check via NRF or Pocket SSL capture app. The good: simplistic UI, one may or may not like this. The bad: Google+ authentication is buggy, had to it thrice. The ugly: doesn't allow one to export/import data.	0
For a higher rating, pls don't force a response after a long hard day Also need more flexibility, or instructions, in opening, closing, deleting, ending..., i.e., managing tasks	0
I paid for two account on two different device, but at second device, my premium membership can't be used. I paid twice. But I only get one premium account!!!!!	0
I am a premium subscriber for 2 months. I billed for October but my premium expired. And app support is not replying to my emails	0
So much features require to pay to use! Evil money hungry developer.	0
Garbage	0
Often freezing and crashing when I wanna add photos to task, help or give my my money back !!! No support response Tasks in calendar, easy prioritization, only usefull app in shop	0
If you're trying to build schedule it's a pain on ticktick, choose another app, -recurring tasks all move together when postponing one task -When editing or deleting a recurring task it should ask if you're doing it just for this task or all recurring tasks, instead of deleting and editing all tasks without asking. - when creating a recurring task I should be able to time it on different times for each reccuring day, instead of having to create the same reccuring task for each seperate day	0
How do you sync? This is next to worthless unless you can sync.	0
I used to love TickTick for the combination of to do list and time tracking features. I upgraded to the yearly premium service a couple of months ago. About a week ago, the app started crashing and now won't open at all. I have tried uninstalling/reinstalling a couple of times with not change. I contacted TickTick through the app and by email and have gotten no response. I use my to do list for everything and can't have service issues like this. Will not be renewing. Looking for a replacement.	0
I don't get a completion sound when I finish a Pomodoro	0
Decent amount of functions, and I really like the widget for this app, but the free version is too limited to be useful. I would pay money for this app if it was for sale. But I am never going to pay for a subscription to a phone app, especially not a todo list app.	0
I love this app but the sync stoped working. If I write list items on my phone (oneplus 6 - android 10) and after I open my desktop (win10) client than my phone sync to my pc. This leads that all my notes dissapire. I am coming from google notes, there the sync is nearly instantly, back and forth. I love to see this core function to be fixed as many others noted earlier. I also "locked" the app in the backgound tasks, and reinstalled. No succes for me. I will give 5* if this problem is solved.	0
Need the calendar view, but I'm not paying ongoing fees for it. Not enough tasks in the free version, account deleted. Shame.	0
Worst app	0
This was a great app but keep making changes that make it worse. For example you used to be able to merge two tasks together, but now doing so just makes one task a subtask of the other, it doesn't actually merge them into one task and there doesn't seem to be a way around it. Edit - Also if you edit tasks on the web version (which is a quicker way of working around some of the apps flaws) it doesn't seem to synchronize with the Android app, I now have a real mess of old and new tasks	0
I wasted ₹1390/- hard earned money. Microsoft To do, is far better.	0
~$30 bucks per year, y'all have lost your minds. Uninstalled	0
This app never gets better no matter how I wait for improvements. One is it late notifications of your to do list. Now, it's always frozen, kindof dead or something. It great app but I'm not using this again.	0
I used to love ticktick. I have it on mobile Android and Windows 10 client. They used to sync beautifully. Around 23 Aug, the desktop client and mobile stopped syncing and acted like two separate accounts. In desperation, i reinstalled desktop client. I couldn't log into client nor thru browser. It complained of network configuration and proxies. i don't use proxies. I can log into any account online except ticktick. The help rep is unresponsive. Super disappointed. I'm on premium. I want refund	0
Installed this app, added the tasks, logged in using google in the same order. But after login the tasks added no more found. This is definitely unacceptable.	0
concept is ok but I dont like ui it make me think a lot maybe the design is very clean	0
Did not do what it said that it was going to do.	0
I couldn't use this app... cause payment method isn't available.... it would be great if you add some more payment options like bkash...	0
Useless without a paid subscription. Not even a weekly view is possible.	0
Many of options are in upgrade mode, so i couldn't use them	0
The features of the app is pretty simple and cute, so.. when it comes to the design it's okay! But.. that's not the purpose of the app, it's a reminder! And it never worked, oh! It does! At the first and last time! 😑 And it never works again! The storage of my phone had been wasted! 😒	0
When I try to complete my habits or swipe them away in the notification center, my entire phone freezes up for a few seconds. Other than that, its perfect.	0
I wanted an app for easily sharing grocery shopping lists with my partner. I shared the list with her, nothing came through and the app told me to upgrade to premium. No thanks - will pass.	0
The tasks don't show when I go to a particular date such as the next day. It says "you have a free day" even though all my tasks are set to daily( what is the difference between 'Daily' and 'Every Day' anyway?) I would also appreciate if the subtasks completely checked off once completed instead of showing the next date unlike the other tasks in the list. I thought that I'd found the app with all the features I need and was considering to go Premium but this has really frustrated me.	0
Was great till they added fermium garbage limits, and way overpriced premium with crazy overkill features. Got to love the apology to a review. It's amazing how far companies will go to not make a sale or a dime. 👋 I happily pay for services to store data or provide entertainment and apps that provide tools, but wow you must have some super users to garner 30/yr in value from a task app. I'd have been happy with ads or paying $10 once to get some small set of advanced features, but damn.	0
Complicated mess	0
To view your calendar you have to sign up & then after you sign up it say you have to upgrade & by upgrade they mean buy it for a month subscription or pay for a year. 😅 Can't really use it for it's intended purpose without having to buy it. I downloaded it because I was under the assumption that it's basic functioning was free. The subscription price is cheap but I'm careful which places I put my bank/card info as I don't feel comfortable putting any info about myself out there.	0
Lost all my Gnotes information with no advanced warning. Years of important information all disappeared now call tick tick with no integration. Very poor and has caused huge problems	0
For task duration you need premium	0
Syncing in the background between Android and Mac hasn't worked for multiple months. Have to manually go into the Android app and do a sync. Doing a background sync on Android after every edit or notification that gets updated would be nice. Stop adding features and fix this already	0
Terrible support. I purchased the yearly suscription and I got no answer using the Feedback & Suggestion from the app and neither using mail to get a refund. Scam.	0
چطوری باید باهاش کار کنیم؟	0
I loved this app. I used it every day. But suddenly it won't share attachments! I get emails with pdf documents attached, and I used to open the pdf and share it with Tick Tick, and the app would be so awesome it would create a new todo with the pdf attached to it. Now not only does the app look different, which is fine, but I can no longer share the pdf files from my email to the app. That was the whole point of using it for me. I'm really unhappy. I also sent feedback through the app.	0
When will Gant view come?	0
Fewer integration with Google Account	0
App cannot sync in backround so it does not sync with your tasks created for example on your PC until you open it manually sync it. Very annoying feature and also making your tasks ureliable... Too bad, because otherwise it's perfect... P.S. I already has contacted the support, they sent me automatic reply and nothing has happened since...	0
Good app	0
App is good, however, customer support is not that much. I have contacted them 3 times about an issue and the request is being ignored. I am really sorry that I have to give a low evaluation in order to finally get the attention of the customer support. I am a paying customer for 3 years now	0
Asks me to upgrade just to be able to connect to Google task calendar. Uninstall.	0
Provided apk installed, looks a bit better, but still has some delay after click on Complete from push notification. UPD4: no tasks duplication anymore. Delay between click on Complete and task movement to completed tasks list still occurs. Same delay happens when I mark task checkbox fron the tasks list, not only from push. When I snooze task, no such delay at all. UPD5: app hangs on switch betw. tomorrow and today. I have not enough spaces to describe cases there, may you share issue tracker?	0
Nice	0
So bad i wish it blocked	0
Has failed to sound and show tasks at the right time or at all, yet still put the recurrence on for the day after. I have a reminder set for every two weeks but it went off after only one week so I took my medication too early, fortunately no harm done to me. Uninstalled.	0
It was on my phone when I bought it. I have no interest in a trash app like this.	0
My experience is the exact same as Theodore's review below. Constant syncing problems with google making the app completely unusable. Started happening around the same date as well (around July 25 2020). I emailed the support team with a description and screen shots of the problem and still haven't received a reply. TickTick USED to be a great app but has progressively gotten worse, and now unusable. That's okay though, I've had to switch back to Todoist because of these issues.	0
Can't import without signing up. I don't want to give up privacy!	0
38/year y'all out your damn minds. Can't even view a full month calendar with the free version. Only day and week. Silly devs.	0
Worst app for reminder, period. Use google products instead. They will work no matter if you turn on or off the background use. This power hungry good for nothing apps are straight to be ruled out. Well if you don't believe me, give it a try and keep regretting	0
Absolutely refuses to not sync data with Google account. If I try to use a Gmail sign in I HAVE to sync everything with Google. The app will ask 500 times in a row regardless of how many times I hit "deny". Makes the entire app totally unusable. Changing emails is a massive pain in the ass if you already have a Google account associated with it. This is absolute garbage.	0
I think this is just irritating... Because I just planned my whole day and kept reminders, not even a single reminder came through the whole 24 hours.....	0
Poor, practically no functionality available in free version, even day view is restricted. Removing this app from my phone.	0
Don't trust this. No uninstall information anywhere. Makes it feel scammy.	0
Update - the app is from Hong Kong, and after the recent Chinese law I urge anyone to stop using it. 😞 I use to love the app rated it 5 stars previously, But sadly nothing can be done. 😟	0
The in app calendar view doesn't show the tasks I've scheduled. When the devs responded to my 1st play store review, i thought they're going to fix it. But now, even after several updates, it's clear they had not taken my feedback with much seriousness. Uninstalling.	0
Price not shown before creating an account.	0
The tasks doesnt show up on time and it always overdue and i dont get to finish my important tasks. I have to find another one ... To do list app This app sucks..	0
Further to my previous comment, it looks like app is hanging on syncing. As same behaviour can be duplicated multiple times. First started happening on 7th July. P20 pro andriod 10.	0
2.70 per month for a to do list app? Are you serious? I would mind an add banner at all and would find it fare I know you guys aren't volunteers but guys don't think that I am as desperate enough as to pay such a fee for to do lists.	0
Expensive	0
Recent update broke sync, battery drain and constant crashing. Sort the basics, before adding fancy features.	0
Chinese app👎	0
I set a reminder since last week. It didn't even ring at the chime of the clock while I observed. It rang post 10min approx, that too when I accessed the app to see what's the fault. Please look into this bug.	0
it's China app ,so don't use it if you love your privacy	0
At first oke, unless you don't want to give permission to Google.... Each time you Deny to share you're data, the question simply pops up 10 more times, hoping you click allow. This is pesky!!!	0
Too many errors.	0
The premium version of the app is good....But the free version is useless.. And some school students don't get proper support paying monthly from their family of my country. Every interesting and useful feature arw in premium...	0
Subscription based calendar, immediately uninstall it	0
Worst customer care, they can't manage a refund, I'm very disappointed. SCAM	0
I bought the full version of gTasks Pro from this company and now it's unavailable. Think twice before buying from them.	0
I don't like this app because...no protecting from this app..	0
Reminders doesn't work	0
I don't like this app	0
Automatic synchronisation disabled by developers 🤕	0
Keeps asking for a rating. OK, here's one.	0
I found TickTick not satisfy me, failed to give me alarm on events for a week long testing.. 👎👎👎	0
Guys, This is Chinese origin copy of Wunderlist app which is Free of Cost & here they charge claiming for premium features. Not Worth!!	0
Worst	0
Do not work on time	0
This is a bad app. After purchasing a paid subscription, I got a lot of ads instead of an app that helps me plan my business.I hardly see the task scheduler, just advertising. A lot of advertising. The authors are too greedy.	0
It's Chinese so fear of data security issues. Uninstalled it	0
They double billed me for my premium subscription and wont respond to any refund requests. I have been a premium subscriber for over a year, and changed my payment method from Paypal to Google Play subscription, but ended up being billed twice at my renewal (once through each method). I've reached out to their support email address (4 times), and haven't even gotten a response. This app is a good app, but you cannot trust them with your financial information or expect them to respond to you if you have a problem.	0
This is the beat app of all !!!!	0
I downloaded this app after hearing good things about it. I had todoist and my subscription ended and I wanted to try this. I downloaded it and brought over all my lists from todoist. After entering everything I uninstallled todoist (bad idea). I decided to upgrade ticktick to premium. Once I upgraded they asked me to sign in which I did. Upon signing in it deleted all the items I had in the app already. Contacted support. Haven't heard back from then yet. What a way to thank me for upgrading.	0
It just vibrate I never get an alert. It only list the task and vibrate when I open the app. It doesn't alert me...	0
Problem with login	0
Annoys user to rate the app. Here's your one star.	0
I can't sign in to my account	0
You cannot delete the account from application for some unknown reason	0
unable to login in all login options.. it says sign in failed check nw but nw is fine..am able to access internet..	0
The app is really clumsy to use. I took the paid version of this app but still it feels like that the app can't help you with anything. It's better to set a reminder of your own. Money waste.	0
#boycott chinese products shame on chinese president	0
It's been a good app but I can't sign in now. I can't even renew my premium membership. I love this app but it's been like this for long. You will always be redirected to the sign in page everytime you sign in	0
Waste of time	0
Very bad app	0
I purchsed this specifically for the pomodoro feature (among other features). It's not included in the app.	0
In pomo mode, White noise option gone or not easily found, at least to me. Tried web search with no help. Only silent or Ticking clock option seen, which is annoying. Cannot email customer service, url outdated through web link.	0
The majority of things are blocked off by subscription.	0
When I try to set up avatar - photo on OnePlus 6 , I have black screen.	0
Awful support, unable to move re-occuring tasks before completing previous one, look up the definition of planning again.	0
I didn't like it.. premium for month view?? really 😂	0
Does not work, reminders do not show up.	0
Useless after	0
The date and time parsing is broken. It doesn't recognize " set up meeting for xxxxx at 9am tomorrow " It throws an error saying it's past due and sets up at 9 am today . Can you fix this.	0
Earlier this app was working fine but now frequently missing to remind task on set time.	0
Connects unasked with fb	0
Would be great if they would stop interrupting workflow to beg for reviews. Update: still begging. Also, isn't it a violation of Google's TOS to specifically ask for a 5 star review? I thought you could ask for a review, but not tell people what rating to give.	0
This app doesn't work the way we won't. It doesn't notify after even permitting it.	0
Whole other to do list apps provide muce more for a normal user for free, you are just greedy minded pushing everything to be paid.	0
It won't let me remove my subscription	0
Unable to subscribe. I am from India. I think this might be the reason. Whenever I click on pay, it shows "Unavailable for this purchase". I have tried using different debit/credits cards. Still same issue. If I open in desktop, I can pay using PayPal. But while converting dollar to rupees, it shows more money than it shows me in android app for subscription price. Also I feel, 1300 Bucks for this is a bit pricy. But seeing American economy, and price in dollars, it may be cheap. But here costly	0
Did you delete my previous comment?? Ok, one of the reason todoist is better than ticktick is I cant register my email which is an active and also my primary email. Been few days but I still dont get the verification email yet ask me to change email instead. So thats 1 of many. If you can help me on this, I might consider to try it and give u more stars.	0
Bad and have ads	0
VERY GOOD APP BUT IN WIDGET THERE IS A NO OPTION IN LIST WISE SELECT TODAY TOMORROW OR ALL PLEASE UPDATE FOR THIS OPTION THEN IT WILL BE FAR BETTER PLEASE UPDATE EXAMPLE IF THERE'S A CALL LIST IN WIDGET IT SHOWS IN CALL WIDGET LIST ALL CALL TODAY TOMORROW OTHER ALL DAY BUT IT SHOULD OPTION TO SELECT TODAY TOMORROW ETC.	0
Its not good app because it's not accurate like I set 9:15am when the time reach that time it didn't get notification to me after 9:15 like 9:17,18,20,25 like that	0
I dont like this	0
It's not a good app I don't recommend it everything you have to pay for .	0
I've used this app for years on several models of Galaxy phones. Very unreliable for reminders. It even has a built in notification that pops up saying "reminders not working? Do this...." But the instructions make no sense and don't match the menus of my phone. Uninstalling now.	0
The application looks nice and simple. But the synchronization between mobile and desktop version is awful. A lot of pictures from tasks which were added via desktop version are not accessible on mobile and vise versa	0
Some of the crucial features are premium only	0
Worst Experience Ever. I signed out, & All of my Tasks list Gone.... Login bar doesn't even showing what email it was. And I don't remember my email. I was going to buy this App, but hate now. Don't have any way to backup my list.	0
Worst ever had	0
I can not change my font size..	0
RUN FROM THIS HORRIBLE APP. I wasted three days trying to get it to work. Duplicates list when importing. App charged me over $150.00. Worst customer service. This is a terrible app. DOES NOT WORK TOTAL RIP OFF	0
Just another app with a subscription based service.	0
Useful function require paid membership. Doesn't solve the purpose	0
it doesn't work |:	0
I had previous mentioned a glitch in the wedgit, it's been 5 months and was told that a team was working on the glitch. So far there has been no improvement. It's a good app without appropriate maintenance hence the bad review.	0
This app is horrible it was working well at first but when I tried to edit my list titles and add more lists but, it never worked no matter how many times I tried, and trust me that was many, many times. This app is very annoying and over all very useless.	0
I just want to make a checklist 😩. Couldn't figure out how	0
Kept crashing, rss feed if my calendar duplication of entries was HUGE and overall it just added to the noise rather than helping.. I'm out.. UPDATE: No I can't send a feedback (with log) as I've already unsubscribed and uninstalled the app.. and that's surely something you can add into functionality if you're really interested in gathering the data	0
Want to know that is there any feature like wunderlist app, to get notification of comment on all shared members on their app as well as on email.	0
Max of 9 lists, then you pay 3 bucks a month.	0
Pesters me to rate it, immediately one star.	0
Requires creating an online account to view the calendar. Therefore, there is no reason to use this over Google Calendar.	0
The free version is crippled. 3 lists max. Seriously? Just use DTG GTD. To do app with free unlimited nested to-do lists with tags and reminders.	0
Very good app that is perfect for how I think, but it kept asking me to rate the app for months now and I've always pushed Later, I'm sick of it asking me to rate the app	0
Help! The widgets are not working. It always shows this message" failed to display your tasks, please restart app or add a new widget instead"	0
Nothing is free, very bad	0
Another app that fails to draw events correctly on day view If I have an event from 3:00 to 3:15 and another from 3:15 to 3:30 there should be drawn with a space between them no matter how much I am zoomed in, they are not overlapping events so don't treat them like they are	0
while using the habbit feature, you can add multiple reminders for drinking water, but if you check done in any one of those reminders then it wont remind for the rest of the day. ruins the logic. Uninstalled Installed a year later and still the issue exists, the habit feature was a unique point which brought me to the app but I guess I'll have to use another one.	0
Update 2/19/2020: I cant recommend this app to anyone. The smart date parsing only works reliably if you enter it using military time. Also the fact that you have to enable alarm mode to have reminders fire on time is ridiculous. I have many apps that push notifications on time and don't require that. So the developers don't know how to do reminders correctly. Horrible app.	0
Downloaded ticktick. Thought it seemed cool, so signed in with google account and tried to sign up for monthly subscription. Kept getting error messages and it wouldn't let me start the process or even add a card. Waste of time.	0
JUST PURCHASED MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTION. UNTIL NOW, MY APP IS NOT WORKING AS A FULL VERSION.	0
One of the worst app...if someone believes in this app.. for sure they are going to miss that appointment..	0
"Sorry you have reached the use limit on subtasks. Upgrade now and add up to 199 subtasks per task". Are you serious guys? Pro version for more subtasks? Why 199, why not unlimited?	0
Free version only allows 9 lists. Lame	0
Cant even understand how to use it..didnt like at all	0
Cannot share entire calendar and/or task database with other users. Only single daily task shares or individual list collaborations. Edit: very solid low 1 star, 0 if I could, since the developer couldn't even be bothered to read the entire of two sentences of review, acknowledging what features they did have.	0
You block new entry on my existing list and force me to upgrade to premium if I won't to continue.	0
No subtasks	0
Only reviewing so the app stops asking me to do so. Even when I do review the app still asks me, 3 stars to 1.	0
I keep adding tasks. Its nit showing on widget. Very complicated to use.	0
Not Good App All u Need buy and clock facility not given	0
I have used this app for years but there is now a major issue. If you drag a task to tomorrow or place it under a task with a later date the task date no longer changes date. Is there any way to revert to an earlier revision? Hi I have sent screenshots but the issue is the same.	0
for years I use ticktick, I love it so much, I rated it 5 in Play store.. But the recent several changes to the app are make the app getting worse and keep getting worse than before. I incredibly sad and disappointed. for years I rely on ticktick as my todolist app, and now I have to find other alternative that can be as good as ticktick that I know before. that's not an easy thing to do	0
You need to pay. It's uselles without paying. Seriously, just 9 list for free?. If you need more list just add them in wunderlist and then import them to this app. Or better, stick with todo from Microsoft, it's free.	0
It keeps showing java.lang.RuntimeException: Unable to start receiver com.ticktick.task.activity.widget.AppWidgetScrollable: java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean java.lang.Boolean.booleanValue()' on a null object reference at android.app.ActivityThread.handleReceiver(ActivityThread.java:3421) at android.app.ActivityThread.access$1300(ActivityThread.java:200) at android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage(ActivityThread.java:1684) at android.os.Handler.dis	0
Only 9 lists allowed for the free edition. Incredibly expensive by app standards for the pro ($37 per year). I don't mind supporting a good product, but that is ridiculous for a shopping and task list app	0
Very expensive premium...	0
Apps that cost should be required to disclose how much these cost up front so people can decide if they even want to download it. We shouldn't have to hunt for the cost.	0
Can't assign to multiple people. Verry bad !!!	0
I have been a big fan of Todoist for years. I tried this last week and the themes are awful .	0
Very annoyed by the new time setting. It's like going back to Android 2.1	0
The reminders do not work.	0
why do i need to pay for basic features such as showing your tasks in month view? it's a calendar app, those are stuff you need to see... can't believe you need to pay premium for a calendar todo app to show your freaking todos in the calendar	0
Widget has stopped working and the developer is unresponsive.	0
SERIOUSLY??? Just realised you made Duration a Premium Feature. Why? Did people just start using it more all of a sudden???	0
New update has performance bug very slow in scrolling down and typing Update: after last update now i cannot type or write anything in task description after markdown features 👎	0
I cant no longer recommend this , cant sign up on any platform and they servers are located in Asia .I wouldnt put any sensitive information on it. They have nothing but server issues . Its very fischy	0
Update: noticed this app sending data to Facebook when I set up my firewall. No bueno.	0
Worst app I qm trying to create acount with gmail but it say no internet connection Even my internet work fine every thing working nicely even you tube without lagging	0
Doesn't allow you to unsubscribe from premium and the developers don't even respond whether on email or twitter.	0
Awesome	0
It's impossible to use this app. At first, when I choosed pink theme during onboarding, the app ignored my choice. Then I filled it with all my tasks for two days, but when I closed it and opened again, the app asked me to sign up with Google. All my tasks were gone when I did it! I`m deeply disappointed...	0
Deleted my account because I found something more aligned to my needs, but I still got charged for another year. Developer ignored my email and then denied a refund via PayPal so I've now paid $28 for something I can't and no longer want to use. Had no issues with the app itself but very disappointed with the customer service.	0
Cancer notifications. I denied the app permissions it asked for one time when trying to change the notification sound. Now it is impossible to change or mute the sound, no matter what setting I change inside or outside the app, and whether or not I give the app the permissions it wanted. 4 stars when this is fixed.	0
Markdown causes laggy typing in description and it seems I can't disable it.	0
Want upgraded version even to set the duration . Pathetic app.	0
Was good, but has recently been persistently bugging me for add'l permissions including to my Google account. Uninstalled it.	0
Um you need to pay for the duration of the task? No thanks i will just find a new app	0
Horrible now. Was good to start, but now that my subscription expires December 1, cannot even accomplish a simple thing like removing tags from Task names. VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I don't understand why the App has all the languages except the Arabic language?	0
No reply to my TickTick Premium cancellation mail, since 2 days. --------------- New update, another day has passed and no reply to mail has been received yet.	0
Wastage of time	0
No pomo time more than 1hr. No whitelist available. No feature for tracking task progress. Also add the feature to quit bad habits.	0
Current Review: Please Add Feature Insert picture with Task Last Review: Awesome	1
Had some weird hiccups and things to first figure it out, but got it going smoothly. Love the option to share todo lists, and the integration with other calendars. Stand alone web version also good, widget isn't great, but all around a very solid app. No intrusive ads, and a robust free version that is still worth using it you don't want to pay the monthly fee. Highly recommend trying it out.	1
Best task manager app I've tried. They all have their quirks and shortcomings, but TickTick is overall the most complete of them.	1
Optional	1
Love how it's user friendly on all my devices	1
يا خويا يا خويا	1
Absolutely incredible app. Definitely getting premium. It has every feature you could imagine.	1
One of the best productivity apps ever in my opinion. And I've seen a lot of them.	1
best todo app + habit + perfect project mangement tool. all in one	1
Pomo is good	1
Very good	1
best app reminder ever i've tried	1
Incredible task management app. Absolutely love it. They have all the features I could possibly want. So impressed by its functionality and versitility. I use on both my Windows computer as well as my android phone. I put literally everything I need to do on it so it helps me out greatly. So appreciative of TickTick. Thank you! Hope it's here to stay. I'm enjoying the updates too. Highly recommend.	1
When you think you are satisfied they surprise you with more .	1
Useful. Very convenient	1
Amazing it gets the job done literally	1
2018 Better than Any.do in managing tasks since they integrated Pomodoro. You dont spend alot of time in it to manage your tasks and thats a good thing. You spend your time actually doing your tasks. Todoist are just too complicated, and Wunderlist are too simple. 2020 Update. Still the best out there. Even with the new Microsoft Todo, this one does adapt to your own workflow. This is also perfect for 1 to 2 person team, or consultants.	1
🥰	1
Good app for monitor day to day activities.	1
Amazing!	1
This is really well built, simple, useful and good looking :)	1
I've been looking for an app like this for ages! Finnaly found! The best todo app in the world. For me much much better than todoist where you have to pay even for reminders (sic!). Here you have almost everything for free. You have to try it!	1
It's got all the features and comforts you could wish for (even in the free version!), looks good, works well, got no ads; it's a no-brainer! Coming from a guy who's tried *all* of the alternatives, this is by far the best, and not by exclusion.	1
It helped me a lot	1
This app has changed the entire course of my life. From health to relationships and productivity. This app is a life saver. One suggestion: regarding habits it would be good if it has all the quotes relating to that habit and so those quotes (maybe along with pictures?) pop up every day on reminder and motivate you. As am example If I want to go to gym, in reminder I am shown random quote written on some inspirational picture.	1
Perfect Tasking Partner	1
This for me is the best planner app I have come across. I have tried and used many apps. But each one lacked some or the other feature. But Ticktick has all the features I need and the app is so easy to use. This app is helping me plan better, stay organized and get things done. Keep up the great work.	1
Its just wooooow this is an amazing app it has almost all features that u need without upgrading to premium there literally no adds wich I loooove , a plus I really want the calendar I wish if they could made it free ㅠㅅㅠ anyway this app is loove . Waaaaaaay better than todoist	1
The best	1
Previous issue has been resolved. Once again my favorite and most used app. Thanks for recent update.	1
jus loved the app.	1
Good for both Track Habits and To Do List..	1
Does everything I want from it. Clean and intuitive design.	1
Ребят, все ниче, но у вас английский язык иногда становится русским , видимо из-за системных настроек ...	1
Works very well.. easy to use	1
This is by far the best to do list app I've found, I've installed literally 17 different to do list apps and this is definitely my favorite	1
Best to do list app by a mile.	1
Simple and best	1
Very handy app. 2 notifications on task in free version!	1
If you want to achieve your goals, this app will organize your plans very well.	1
Must have app for everyone who focus's on productivity improvement. This app helps me a lot to manage my goals, everyday task, and also long term goals. The app is really easy to use.	1
Persistent, consistent and easy to use! I can entrust half my fights against my bad habits to this app.	1
One of the best Work mangement app!!	1
Incredible, having veen looking for an app like this for do long!	1
Good	1
After messing around with todoist and wunderlist I found their free versions lacking. Tick-Tick has enough unlocked to make a long term trial viable. If I am still using it in 3 months time I will upgrade. EDIT;6 weeks on and using paid for version and very useful with chrome app on Computers syncing perfectly. Update - still my main reminders tool.	1
Awesome experience overall. Using for years.	1
Good apps, help me so much to do my task	1
مفید	1
Wonderful app I recommend it	1
Ok	1
رائع بالنسبة ليا .. في الأول كنت ساعات اسجل وساعات أنسى .. لحد ما اتعودت .. جميل جدا	1
User interface is very good	1
Works good	1
Please return all those old white noises. I loved them. While I am happy for the new ones, it's better if the old ones were retained	1
Very nice	1
Very customizable and full of branching!!	1
Premium version is the best calendar app I could find. I tried to avoid paying and spent a long time reading reviews, but for all apps something crucial was missing from free version. In this case, calendar integration with Google didn't sync properly, so I switched to the premium version so I can use ticktick as my only calendar.If you're trying to use free version, this is pretty annoying. It's cheap, though (slightly cheaper than the main competitor todoist), so I'm fine with paying.	1
Very good	1
This is excellent. Does exactly what you need it to do. Recommended if you just want a simple task & reminder app.	1
Good app	1
Good	1
Good App	1
Superb, Very Easy to Schedule & use..	1
This app is really great	1
With the recent addition of recursive sub tasks, ticktick really offers the best-in-class PM / task management tool for solos. Key features: cross-platform including windows, very useful smart lists, beautiful Android widgets, true drag n drop and a very clean UI on all platforms. Very stable - no crashes in the last 3 years. Very fast on all platforms. Ticktick's features are as usable as many high-end workgroup solutions. Only downside is tech support can be slow to respond.	1
Best to do habit tool.o have used	1
I like how the dou	1
👌👌👌😎	1
There's a couple of small features that I'm missing and I have a few nitpicks, but overall this is certainly the best app of its kind; miles ahead of Todoist.	1
It's simple and fast...	1
Awesome app. Better than THINGS, Todoledo and others. Loving it.	1
Excellent app ... loving it ... best replacement of wunderlist. (My mistake about Family Library. In App purchases can't be shared in Google Family Library as a standard. Nothing to do with ticktick team. Reverted to 5 star)	1
A couple months in, the best for me. It has developed a good feature set on a modern platform. Still finding helpful features.	1
help me to increase my productivity	1
Multi-tag search is very much needed! e.g. "#next #next" in search bar	1
This is app is great	1
Great app... All in ione app... Should try!!!	1
Good 🙂👍	1
Need to little colourfull	1
Best tasks app. Period	1
Excited about making a future	1
It's awesome👍	1
Outstanding app really loved it 💙✨	1
Simply the best productivity app	1
Best app for ha bit creation I loved it Super	1
There are a lot more options than GTasks, and it is synchronizing between my devices without a problem.	1
Amazing got to know about it from mkbhd	1
I am quite comfortable with it. Quite convenient. Meeting my expectations well.	1
I've been using for like 2 years... No complaints	1
Half baked nested tasking feature has hugely impacted the usability of the app. Reminders and repeats are completely messed up. Don't know what is the purpose.	1
Okay.	1
It's incredible not only because I can plan my work, but also because of the pomodoro feature. Habits too.	1
Great tool to boost productivity!!	1
Very intuitive and user friendly	1
Great for persistent reminders! If you liked Due on the iPhone and were looking for a replacement this is it.	1
Best app for being productive. 10/10	1
Very helpful application in analysis of your effort scores 👍🔥 highly recommended 👍🔥	1
Does great for a to do list planner..	1
Simple, easy to use. My fav to-do listplanner so far!	1
Good app. Highly advise you to test it.	1
How awesome this app is. Makes it a breeze to track what needs to be done. Also love the new kanban view!	1
Great, simple to use and best of all, free !	1
This really helped me organizer my day	1
This app is Very Awesome, always keeps me on track 100%✓	1
Best planner I have ever tried do far	1
Trust me guys..I have been searching for such an app in the whole playstore!this is the best of all😍No purchasing required!Without purchasing we can choose upto 5 habits that's enough and more...this is really cool😍😍	1
THE BEST ONE OF THESE TYPE OF APPS! Has all you may need!	1
Amazing	1
Seems good so far	1
Some daily tasks just disappear a minute after I tick them. This bug is affecting me for about a week now and I'm already tired of it.	1
Tremendous Todo App, where you get every option which you want. Thanks Ticttick App developer who give us such a best todo app	1
Really useful app. It helps you to organise your day properly and reminds you important things on time.	1
That's the app which I was looking for	1
This is worth your time and totally recommended app	1
Using it since like a month, and its the best one by far, I don't really find any of the sections any useful other than the tasks and calendar. At lest for me. But its a great way to schedule my day and stay productive.	1
It's best app for control your time It's perfect app👌👌👑👑👌👌	1
Ut's an amazing app to control your plans	1
The best habit app I've ever used and I've tried a bunch! The UI is beautiful and the app is very responsive.	1
A good one to go with especially with your study time table.	1
Great app, it does all I need it to do and more....	1
Love it so far!! Favorite task manager that I've tried and I've tried a lot.	1
This should be default calendar app by now. Give us that option.	1
I love it! User-friendly, simple and has got everything I need.	1
It's great for catching up with assignments! ^^	1
Needed this a lot... Using this a lot... Has become a part of my daily life... Edit: Thank you so much once again for this great app.	1
I don't usually do reviews, but I wrote this one , because this app has helped me very much, easy to use and very time efficient. Love it.	1
Since joining their very affordable monthly subscription, I've found TickTick to be an indispensable part in my daily routine, and it's actually helping me be more productive even though I'm a pretty begrudging procrastinator. First off, the widgets. God, I love the widgets! The first thing I see after unlocking my phone is A) a list of all the stuff I need to be doing on that given day; and B) a cute visual checklist of daily habits that I need to also make time for. This was what I found was missing back when I used the ToDoIst app, was a simple means of having both habits and to-dos living in the same shared ecosystem. I suppose there are technically more dedicated habit apps with deeper tracking features, but what's here is perfectly functional, and easily integrates into your regular 'inbox'/'today' lists. The widgets update dynamically, right along with the full-screen app, and also with the PC and web integrations. This was a "must-have" feature, because I've tried other productivity apps where there is lag time between inputs on the widget, and seeing them "refreshed" into existence several minutes later in the app itself. TickTick makes everything instant, to the point that a TickTick notification 'pings' on my phone at the precise moment it also 'pings' on my laptop. I really can't understate how useful the widget and cross-platform integration is, because for someone like me who procrastinates a lot and forgets what I'm meant to be doing at any random moment, it's so useful to just open up my phone and instantly have my most important tasks/habits slap me in the face, demanding my attention. This also ties in nicely with the way notifications/alerts work. I've got reminders set on all my habits, and when the reminders go off, they actually "take over" the entire screen, at which point I can tick them off, or dig into the more extensive options on the back-end. There's a few areas I can see for quality-of-life improvements, though I'm optimistic that their subscription model means we haven't seen the "final" iteration of this app for some time yet. A few things that jump out at me over a couple months' usage: -- To mark a habit as "incomplete", you can't just double-tap the checkbox for an 'X' mark, you have to open the app, pull up the relevant habit in the dashboard, go into its settings, and the option is buried all the way in the app's back-end menus. It's a minor gripe, but when compounded over weeks or months of use, it's easy to just not bother marking your "failures" at all. It makes me wonder if there's other useful features I've missed just because they're not readily accessible on the front end UI + widgets. -- It would be nice if habits displayed in the widget + front-end UI had a visual indicator of how many days that habit has been on "streak" for. You can track those metrics, but again it's hidden in the robust-yet-opaque back-end, accessible via sub-menus and abstract graphs, rather than being loudly displayed front-and-centre. I'd probably be more motivated to "keep the streak going" with a given habit if I could see at a split-second glance how today's efforts fit into the context of the previous 7 days, or whatever. --Also, you can set habits to only repeat on certain days of the week, or a certain number of times per week, but again its not really visible at a quick glance to know if you're on track or falling behind. By which I mean, when I pull up my habits for Thursdayy, for instance, and I see "exercise at gym" in my list of habits for that day, then surely I should get some indication of "you've been to the gym X times this week so far, and you have Y gym sessions remaining for this week [in order to fulfil your habitual obligations]". Again, the information is there in the app, but you have to actively seek it out. Maybe the more fastidious time-keepers will see to this without batting an eye, but for forgetful, ADHD-prone types like myself, if it's not right in front of me then it might as well not exist. But all in all, these are minor foibles. Fantastic app. 5/5.	1
Really a full package app for all types of need I loved it so much.	1
I have been using this for quite sometime now. No nonsense app, gets the job done. But after Oreo update, I can't seem to find custom notification sound for Ticktick. Earlier i had set a custom sound for reminder which was very useful. This is the only issue for me.	1
It's a very good task manager app than compared to Todoist with the free plan.🙂🙂🙂	1
Its actually good, it helps me with my everyday routine and most functional of all apps for to do list	1
Perfect specially on laptop	1
Very user-friendly. The free version is good enough. I like it!	1
The best to do app I've used so far	1
This has to be the best GTD app out there now. The free version is extensive and includes features that others charge like the most useful Kanban feature! With Google Calendar integration, I finally have all meetings, tasks and reminders in one place! The UI is so easy and intuitive that on the day I installed it, I was able to plan a web-development project and assign tasks in just minutes. It also has notes and white noise. Task level status would make it even better at managing projects!	1
Best app for sure for estate agents	1
Best. To do list. Ever	1
Wonder Full	1
Really good app, both when it comes to managing tasks and tracking habits. It supports language input when creating tasks such as "every Monday". It also has a few useful widgets for the home screen. Only bad thing about this app is that you have to pay if you want to get access to all features, but it's not that expensive and the app is really good even without premium so that's why it still gets five stars from me.	1
The description didn't tell me that filters were premium when it listed premium features. Edit: Maybe saying something like "TickTick premium features include the following and more" would be more clear - thanks for the reply!	1
Very Effective Application	1
Good	1
Its good to organize schedule	1
Please add Money management also.	1
Great to keep you on track	1
Honestly love this app, I swear its made me become a more organized person and I always recommend it to people. Sadly, I haven't been sponsored yet T-T lol jk. BUT FR THO. I don't usually give a review so that's how you know this app is unique! I don't have premium cause I'm broke like that 🙈 but even without premium, it's pretty good. I recommend!	1
Have used daily for 2 years now I like how it's customizable and I can see events for several years ahead at a glance. That native alarm is loud enough but not blaring and it's great for repetitive events or tasks.😻 There are NO ADS!!	1
Deserves the 5 star and support is incredible!	1
Honestly, just an incredible app. You've never seen more features or ways to organize your life in a single place. I use it in conjunction with the Desktop app, and it's quickly become my go-to. No ads, tons of features, and no bugs as far as I can see. Download it!!!	1
Perfect💜	1
Wonderful app to keep you up to date and to remind you to complete your tasks in time.	1
Good features and Sample interface	1
I love this app. It helps a lot.	1
Good	1
I can't speak more highly of this app. It just keeps getting better. I came over from Todoist several months ago and have not regretted it for a single day. Keep up the great work!	1
Great Work 💪🏻	1
Very clean and straight forward to use.	1
Loving the app so far. I have gone through so many to do lists from minimal to most customizable. This is by far unmatched. Is there a way to make a due date as a week number? So for instance if I want to work on a project during a certain week, but I'm not sure which day just yet how can I add that?	1
I love This App. Actually Calender widget is very handy I been Using it From Past 5 months.Give it A try you'll Love it Definitely !!	1
Love the free version! Considering the paid version - seems pricey for an annual fee.	1
Awesome app The best to do app that I have used and I have. Used a lot it's better than todoist for its coustimization even in the free version. It's just great!	1
Great app for keeping track of things you have to get done. I love the feature that lets you add lists inside of folders, I use mine for different subjects in school. It also has a nice calendar view of your tasks and is great for setting reminders.	1
Very useful, must have app.	1
It's very fruitful to get done my work as productive.	1
Perfect app in all kind	1
The best I've ever seen out of dozens of apps. Regularly makes small improvements. Always room for improvement but thoroughly impressed.	1
Good	1
Very good. And has all the options that you need. It seems they have thought of everything. I would recommend this app.	1
Awesome	1
Best in class	1
So far, I think it's good enough, but a little advice from me, it would be better if the "note" mode added a folder feature, that is, we can "add notes to a note". Hopefully it can be responded to and thank you for reading.	1
The best Todo list app!!! I like it so much, there are a lot of features which can help you to boost your productivity	1
Luis🚨📢🚫♨🔥	1
#live #love #music #life #like #instagram #instagood #concert #livemusic #follow #happy #photography #rock #photooftheday #smile #singer #art #musica #lifestyle #fun #laugh #o #friends #likeforlikes #youtube #guitar #artist #show #band #bhfyp	1
Very useful for university students	1
My go-to todolist app: frequently updated with excellent features: tags, attachments, comments, recurring and location-aware tasks, natural language input, reminders, habit tracking, pomodoros, calendar integration, flexible lists, kanban boards, markdown support, gamification elements with badges and scores, and more recently: subtasks for project management, note system, etc. One of my all-time favourite apps, it's become an essential part of my day-to-day workflow, I'm an absolute fan 😍	1
Clean look, simple to use	1
Good app	1
So much better than Google or Microsoft similar apps. A practical app that provides every thing you need even in free mode.	1
The only app that effectively helps me get things done.	1
Awesome and easy to use app	1
like it!	1
Awesome.	1
Very usefull app	1
Nice amazing app .	1
Very useful for task management.	1
Awesome! Syncs could be faster though. Habits take too much time to sync and some completed tasks on the laptop sync very late sending a barrage of unnecessary notifications on the phone or vise versa. Amazing response time of support and dev teams	1
Very nice app...👌👌👌	1
Very nice and easy.	1
Thank you next	1
Easy to use. Has really helped me organise and reach my goals. I wish there was more customisation options for maybe one off payments rather than monthly for premium but even the non-premium version is great.	1
Best todo app	1
The best productivity app of all time!!!!!	1
TickTick is making me more productive. A writen task is done task for me	1
I am very setisfied with your work. Just add one new feature that has a switch on off tap to pause the remainder of any task any time. For example if i make a task of yoga daily. Then i can turn off the task for some time and then turn it on later.	1
Works perfectly and suits my needs.	1
Voice alret only missing	1
Great widget, great customizability, great notifications. Simple reminders, recurring tasks, and things you want to do today are all easy to schedule.	1
Use this professionally as a daily task manager as I have a terrible memory, really helps structure my day	1
Are you kidding? All the cool character customization items (which are very limited in the first place) cost real money. I thought the purpose of the app was to help people by motivating them with rewards, but there's absolutely nothing interesting you can buy for your character with the regular currency. What is the point then? Ridicilous. Put ads in it if anything, but not lock the very few items you have available behind a currency that costs real money.	0
RACIST APP!!! Why the FFF don't you have my skin color?? So, I can be light blue and green but no caucasian? Oh right, nowadays we're supposed to be the villains of the world, isn't it!?	0
This app doesn't have a background music which makes it not like a game at all. No music doesn't make me interested at all. Put like a doom soundtrack or at least something :(	0
Recent update has so many bugs. Tasks and habits will be gone upon first opening the app. I have to restart the app every time I want to do something. Save and delete buttons are the same color as the banner or gone entirely. I love this game but I'm about to be done after this update. 🙁	0
👎	0
How do I save changes to dailies(I have a ton of subtasks I curate as I hone in my routines) The save confirm button is gone! Also the app feels so different than the last version and it's a shock but that's par for the course with updates.	0
It won't let me set a username. Just says "username already taken" even if I type in a random string of letters/numbers	0
There's no button or method for saving changes or deleting tasks, meaning I can't use this app at all	0
Didn't feel like a game	0
Well, this was great until this update. Now it's impossible to see anyting because it's so small. Please change it back.	0
Can't open app after the new update.	0
The reviews have great things to say, but I'm stuck at the display name and username screen. I triple checked them and they fit the requirements, but it won't let me move on. Until I can log in, this app is basically useless	0
this is maybe what radicalizes people into anchro-primitivists	0
Couldnt sign up . No passwords accepted	0
Tutorial suddenly stopped and I couldn't complete it.	0
Absolute mess of an app	0
Too damned complicated to even keep up with. A video game hub is more organized and simplified than this.	0
Nothing has changed, this dumb app still won't sync up with my account I use on my desk top. Come on, developers! And it still forces me to open a new account. This is why I won't subscribe, the help here is useless.	0
Crashes	0
I cant Register on this app. It always says 'server connection lost '.	0
What is going on? The app says "server connection lost"	0
Opaque, complicated, janky. Overall, a frustrating and confusing ap.	0
It's been months and I still cannot delete this one habit. It will not delete and nothing I've been sent has been helpful to figure out why. About ready to find a different app cause it's driving me nuts.	0
can somebody tell me why the heck wud this app wanna hv accesss to my gmail account???	0
I have just downloaded this app and I can't register. Is there a reason for that?	0
Loads of bugs, can't even register. Probably due to server side reliance and poor state management in the app. Will definitely avoid.	0
I can't download it to my phone	0
Y doesn't the reminder work!!! I m trying m trying changed all my settings according to this and it doesn't work at all it doesn't remind me i tried and set a particular time and i was waiting but it didn't i m fed up really this made me more anger than ever🤧🥵😶😶😶😶😑😑😑	0
Broken app on Android. Tried to create a new account and objects were missing from the app. For instance, the initial tutorial only had pictures and no words. Also when making my avatar, there were no images or options that showed up. Worked fine on my wife's iPhone but not my note 9.	0
the app's interfere is really irritating it's already sets meaningless things for you in infine order	0
Have to register and the app doesn't even work. Nothing happens when you press "let's start".	0
Can no longer add tasks to challenges. Data won't save. Rubbish app.	0
Stuck on setting the user name, no error message etc. Used to be good	0
Unable to download it beyond 78% even as other apps download in a second	0
Waste of time. Unhelpful and unmotivating.	0
Kept bugging out trying to register/log in	0
Too many errors	0
I love it except, and this is a big issue for me, it's totally server based. Want to update anything, but have a bad internet connection? Too bad, it's either going to take forever or fail. I would use and maybe even pay for this app to just have a way to have everything first be saved on my device. So, back to hunting for a to-do app. Edit 3/23: I have to drop my review on this to 1 star. You can manually edit values within the app for stats making any it unreasonable that I need internet.	0
It does not seem possible to have a simple shopping list shared with another person... Nice app, but useless.	0
I should be able to use the app when offline, and the app should sync the changes whenever connected to the internet. It shouldn't force me to connect with the internet for ticking a checkbox!	0
Buggy as all hell. The advertisement is right. It gamifies tasks... But that's it. No tracking history of your habits. Inaccurate as all hell. Worst of all is you can't delete your account. They'll forever keep your data. I'm sure that's illegal in parts of this country and around the world. Definitely don't use your real email to sign up to test it out.	0
Stopped	0
Can't even start it properly. Just says "Path 'profile.name' is required."	0
Unfortunately i can not sign up or sign in. By google account or email. I tried a lot. From iran	0
Great concept, but I can't even create an avatar. This is a constant bug listed in reviews. The company says that your selections should show up after you start actually using the app, but how can they when we can't even actually CHOOSE anything. I guess I'll try one of the competitors apps.	0
This app is completely unusable on my Note10+ The account creation is riddled with errors and when I finally get into the app, I can't click on any items or add a new item without the app instantly crashing. I was excited by the premise and motivated to start using it, but the experience was downright embarrassing. I'd love for a developer response here to acknowledge these problems and maybe offer some solutions.	0
Mandatory registration	0
impossible to register, circle, circle, circle... and nothing	0
Broken from the start, can't do anything	0
Doesn't seem to work on OP 6T, can go through character creation, but doesnt let me customize or select anything. half of the UI shows up blank.	0
Cant see my character	0
App has no images on S10+ and is completely unusuable	0
Would love to actually get started with this app, but for whatever reason I can't even build my avatar. None of the options for selecting what I want my avatar to look like actually show up on the screen, they're all completely invisible.	0
I was looking forward to using this app. But it wont even let me pick out an avatar. Things just go blank on the app and tells me I'm missing information when I clearly am not. What a bummer	0
App has many bugs. 1. Start screen doesn't display first 3 slides. User creating is totally not functional. I'm using both Android 9 and Android 10 same bugs.	0
The two starting pages were blank, same as character customization. I saw another comment and there's any new version to update. I was excited to try this app but I couldn't :(	0
The first 2 slides are black and I can't see character in the character creation. Some message saying "path 'profile' required habitica...i hope this gets fix soon. Until then I I'll wait.	0
Blank screens when initially launching, character creation screen missing most assets but still semi functional. Unable to begin. Oneplus 6T A10	0
Wont let me change my appearance so I'm stuck as a black female. The user interface is very poorly designed	0
Completely unusable on Android right now. Everything is blank or not loading. Downloaded and deleted right away which is unfortunate because it looked like something I'd be really interested in.	0
The app is broken right now. Downloaded today to try it out and the first two slides were blank. Character creation is all blank. Unfortunately deleted but was looking forward to trying. This has been catalogued by others. When its fixed I'll try again but so far it seems that this app is only really properly supported for iPhone users. (I have a Samsung S9)	0
After adding task to the app, it just doesn't shows up.	0
Super buggy on Android, have to close and open constantly for anything to work.	0
My phone is a Samsung S8+. The introduction screen is mostly blank, and the character customization seems to be broken because your character and customization options don't show up. I didnt go any further.	0
App broken, don't bother. Like many many other reviewers, this app is totally broken and defunct on Android devices and specifically Galaxy S10 / Note 10 devices. It seems the developer response to all of those reviews is "please report a bug" but this has now been an issue for months that they haven't looked into fixing despite dozens of notifications from users that their app is broken. I have instead now downloaded an app by another developer which actually works. I will not be back.	0
Installed it and it glitched and didn't display many of the images on the 'create your avatar' page. Immediately Uninstalled.	0
Quite disappointed with this app. Is used to be fine for past years. Currently is really slow when checking my task and is so frustrating at times. This app need improvement on the server and at times server down :(.	0
Doesnt work the main screen is stuck i can move to the next page.	0
Downloaded this app hoping for a fun way to form new habits, but when I get to the register screen the first two tutorial panels are blank and then the third one lets you link social media accounts. Then I can't save the username and display name I create, and the avatar generator screen doesn't load any options. Opened the app the next day to find nothing I could edit had been saved. Uninstalled and tried registering again with a different account and got the same results. Pretty disappointed	0
Same issue as Don Smith who wrote a review on 10/10/19. Will consider this app but the lack of slide visuals and character visuals makes the app in-op. Current phone is the Google pixel 4xl......perhaps I misspoke in regards to the reply. My issue is not with the visuals but the lack of visuals. Everything is blank for me so literally can not see half of the content.	0
Doesn't show character customisation, think it needs an update	0
Path profile name is required glitch when trying to make avatar on Galaxy s10	0
So many portions of the app we're not appearing on the screen from the get go, including the first two screens entirely, and even the avartar selections.	0
Busted from the start. On the first open of the app I got a 3 pane swipe intro and the first 2 were blank purple screens. Then, on the Avatar creation screen the Avatar wasn't visible. When finally getting in to the app the "help text" bubble didn't point at anything, just the bottom of the screen for the whole dialogue. This app sounded interesting but it seems there's a complete lack of interest in quality.	0
App didn't work at all. Was buggy from the start of my sign up where I used my Google account to login.	0
Want to like it. So far half of the set up items aren't even showing up for my samsung s8. All the purple screens are blank. Was excited to try but it doesn't work.	0
The website works but the app is blank.	0
This app has some major problems. It seemed to work fine for the first day of running. After the first day no reminders were executed. Any game armor or weapons could never be equipped. it appeared you could equip them but once you left the screen they become unequipped and they never showed up on the avatar. I mainly got this app for productivity and since the reminders do not work I'm not certain I'm going to continue using it unless these problems are fixed.	0
It's broken. I try to create my account and I can't even use the name I want or customize my character. It's just broken. Nothing displays.	0
I have been trying to download the app but its just not happening. Please look into it.	0
App is completely broken. Can't even make an avatar -- none of the options show up. Also, get an error message when trying to show a display name	0
Please make this app offline as well	0
Wanted to try this, but it doesn't seem to properly load images to create my character or load tutorial pages so I can't even continue from the create screen. Seems like it's broken...	0
Will not open disappointed as i was looking forward to using this service	0
Can't log in. The password input is shorter on the in-app login than both the reset password field as well as the login form on web, so my correct password is rejected	0
It keeps lagging and dificult to select the traits i want for my character... ugh ! Not worth it UNINSTALL !	0
Can't set the username field	0
App is no longer functional. Cant even Start app without it malfunctioning. Cant change username or character. It was fine before the update!	0
Downloaded the app and the server just did not want to connect and synch my to do list and habits. Gave up after 10 mins.	0
You need internet access and the server has to be up on their side for you to be able to access your to-do list. Server has been down today and I cant check off or edit my to-do list due to that. Going to be deleting this app. Most other to-do lists work offline.	0
I had really begun to depend on this app and was having fun. Then I downloaded the update. I now have NOTHING. Not even the IMAGE of an avatar, there's just NOTHING THERE. I have no experience, no level, no coins, NOTHING. I was having a really awful day and this was just icing on the cake. There was so much I put into this game. How can I remember all of the tasks I scheduled for myself? I am so so discouraged.	0
I couldn't register , the circle rounds and rounds .. And nothing happens	0
Can't even log in. Seems to stop working or freeze up every time. Just downloaded the app for the first time, can't make a new account or log in. Waste of time, will be looking for other apps that actually let me get past the log in screen.	0
It's completely broken, things don't show up, error codes from the very beginning, it's just broken	0
As soon as I downloaded the app and made a new account, I couldn't create a new character because under the body, skin, and other options to make your character was blank. When I changed my display name, I got a weird message for 'profile.name' required. The randomize button didn't even work for me either. I left originally because there were many bugs with to-do's and other things and I'm not confident it's functional past the character creator, so I don't see a point to continue. On the S10E	0
I kept getting empty screens when opening the app, so I pressed skip. Filled out the registry info and was taken to character creation where I couldn't see my character or the build options. I could select things like body or hair, but nothing appeared relating to that.	0
I really want to use this app, but on my Galaxy S10, the first 2 of the 3 slides in the introduction before logging in, are blank. The character visuals on the character customization are invisible, and on the settings menu, I scroll down and the options start to overlap each other (hard to describe). I will consider reinstalling after the graphical issues are fixed because it seems like a great app, but currently it's unusable for me.	0
Major issues need all email so I can send you pics pixel 2xl	0
Apps been broken from the moment I download need fixing	0
Nothing loads up. Probably a bad glitch	0
--Update 2--: Okay, I think I have figured it out. The app doesn't sync with the servers on my WiFi, but works fine on my Data connection. Weirdly enough, the web version works on my laptop using the same WiFi. Please fix. --Update 1--: Reinstalled app. Apparently login with Google is completely broken. Not working at all. That's why maybe the data is not syncing? --Original--:No data loads upon startup; just a blank screen with 0 health, 0 xp, and 0 mana.	0
beginning setup wasn't loading at all. signed up using Facebook. since it was not loading, i just clicked next. now I'm stuck with my Avatar with no way to change	0
There seems to be no way to actually mark a task as complete, so I had to delete the tasks I actually did complete and therefore have not gotten in-game rewards. There is also no way at all to contact support. If you join the Habitat Help Guild that is supposed to allow you to ask questions, there is no obvious way to post a question there. There is a button to leave the guild but not one to post a question. This app is terrible and is a waste of time.	0
after signing in, I get random notifications telling me things I absolutely do not care about. I haven't even added any tasks and it's already telling me to join groups and blah blah blah... no thank you.	0
Micro transaction. I wish I could give 0 stars.	0
Need to register, immediately deleted	0
I am unable to download this app. It downloads uptil 82% and then stops. I have a android device	0
Awful graphics. Idea ia great but the graphics need a major update. Can't tell the different between anything in this game. Overall disappointed.	0
Doesn't work in my country I have to use a VPN for it to work, which sucks of course. Syrian Arab Republic	0
I AM SPECIFICALLY LOOKING FOR A GAMIFIED PRODUCTIVITY APP. MY REVIEW OF YOURS WHICH IS VERY LACKING: Dark theme is missing! This one appears to be for 5 year olds! Can you make a NON-CHILD app similar to this but for REGULAR PEOPLE not 5 year old RPG gamers? I avoided yours for a long time but still nothing exists yet for adults. I hate RPG (cause I'm not an anti-social loser) but want to gamify my productivity with public leaderboards in an app. Thanks. Looks well made but I don't want it.	0
Good app but i can't do anything since To days ago ! Help me please your app je very usefull for me	0
Annoying, slow, clunky, unresponsive, repetitive	0
I was excited to try this app, but like many others have said, the customization screen doesn't work. Let me know when it's fixed and I'll update and hopefully be able to start using it.	0
It took 3 tries to get registered, now it wont let me change anything in character creation. I didnt even make it to setting up anything beyond skin tone before it wouldn't let me select anything. Awesome idea, crappy execution. Womp womp.	0
Failed at the first hurdle, couldnt customise my character to even get started. Next button worked thats about it. galaxy S8	0
Wouldn't even let me customize.	0
The customization screen at the beginning of set-up doesn't work. Tasks have tagging section with no clear way to actually add tags to it.	0
Won't let me customize my avatar except for glasses.	0
Uninstalled. Still cannot remove background to blank. Edit: Yep still the same. Also please put the free backgrounds at the top. This is from only within the app by the way.	0
Ganky. Couldn't get it to work right.	0
First thing I did when I installed the app was disable notifications and yet I still get constantly spammed with notifications all day long. That aside, the app is poorly made. UI is very buggy. Chat functions are glitchy and don't update mezsages correctly. Sometimes the main ui responds to nothing. You can switch tabs and nothing changes till you close and open the app again. Almost all fun and worth while content is locked behind a paywall or subscription.	0
Doesn't work. Nothing happens when signing in with Google and when creating a new account, it just shows "server timeout".	0
Pretty disappointed that the first wall I hit is having to login or register. I get the whole cloud saving thing but at least give me the option and let the risk fall on me for data loss. The app looked promising and I was really impressed with the bit of pixel art I got to see. However, I'm not sure I want to sign up and allow access to my details or habits just yet.	0
Terrible moderator community. Anti religious.  Reply: I've already had numerous interactions with Habatica mods and I've no desire to reply further. When I questioned why the website had an anti-Christian stance I was banned. Nothing more needs to be said.	0
i cannt acces my account anymore since their "password reset" feature does not work. tried on my iphone, android oreo, web version. i don't receive any email to reset my password.	0
Great app but only if it was an offline app i would've given it a five star... please fix this...	0
got banned for talking about not politically correct stuff in a respectful manner. didnt even had a chance to discuss or clear my name. would not recommend bc of it being heavily monitored and censored. it does not facilitate what it was aiming for a community for learning and growth. after pouring 2 months and money into it was terribly disappointed after my ban. yes perma ban. no warnings no nothing. disgusting. outsourcing will power is a bad idea anyways.	0
Seems broken - cant complete the process of creating new tasks, so I'm just stuck with a huge empty menu I cant change. Loved the idea but this is broken and unusable.	0
confusing and definitely didn't motivate me to do tasks. just spent hours trying to figure out how to add personalized tasks.	0
Online? really? register? really? There's two other apps in the suggested/similar apps banner that are better than this & they're free to use with out registration (why?! for this type of app) , full & offline ( again)	0
I have been wanting to try out this app for a while. I registered, and everything is going great until i get to the character maker screen. i am unable to see my charcter and the customization options. Will send photos if needed. Will change rating once this is fixed.	0
I got completely banned from this app today And I have screenshot from reddits about what happened to the chat in june 11 2019	0
Honestly, within a month of trying this, the app just got annoying and boring.	0
Definitely not for me, it was confusing. But hey if you are a gamer and suffering from mental health stuff. its for you	0
I cant even registered.	0
Can't login on the app but can on the site. So currently useless to me.	0
far from what I expected after seeing the pictures...	0
Uninstalled within a minute because it wouldn't let me set a username	0
downloaded this on a new device, no phone number on it, my account email isn't on it, i didn't back up any app data, and yet i was logged in when i opened it. super sketchy...	0
This app runs on internet and is not very customizable. Life rpg is the best out there	0
It's awesome but we don't know if it's GDPR compliant.	0
new update is full of bugs, pls do something	0
uninstalled because it wouldn't work offline.	0
because of not available in my country !	0
so many bugs..enum not defined exceptions	0
I couldnt even get past setting everything up before it glitched. I couldnt move on from types of goals. A pop up showed up that said something about strength and attributes.	0
widgets are broken on my OP6T stock , please fix.	0
No i don't feel like getting weapons to hurt someone	0
App worked fine till they put in the new username update, now there's a bug where you can't get into the app because every name is taken	0
the big problem is that task management should work offline and habitica should have synchronization feature like anki mobile and anki pc.	0
I love it at first plus the very idea gamifying a task to make it a habit. It was all fun until the 'I cant use it offline' that really threw me off. Please make it available offline as well.	0
You have to register to "play". You can't even check it out to decide if it's worth it.	0
couldn't login	0
Never really liked the features of Habitica. Instead, I do my stuff via LifeRPG.	0
No bank and losing your life and all your gold is absolutely ridiculous after spending so much time using this app.	0
Stuck on "username not available" no matter what I put in...	0
Need to be online to use this app. In case you make changes in offline mode. It doesn't sync automatically when online. You need to again make those changes. Enable offline feature and offline data should be synced when ever we are online. Once this is done, you got my 5 star.	0
can't change class.	0
I cancelled my subscription back in June of last year and just realized my membership had been reinstated without my permission. I would like a refund for the months between now and then and (another) confirmation that my subscription is cancelled.	0
Literally WILL NOT WORK, every single time i click on this app it says "Habitica has stopped working" I cant even open the app!!! Please fix this, i really want to use this app	0
Está dando problemas.	0
Just installed. Keyed in all tasks n to-do list. Server error. Lost everything. Redo. Server error. Lost. Kept repeating. Frustrating = Uninstalled.	0
I downloaded this app because I thought that the game concept for to-do lists would be really cool. Opened the app just after downloading and tried to register an account and it wouldn't let me log in. Waited another hour and it still wasn't working. Call me impatient but I just couldn't use an app that refused to work.	0
Constant connection drop outs. Will update review when this is fixed.	0
nothing but connection error after connection error. the concept is great, but I can't even manage to use the service because any time I try to do anything, that's all I'm getting.	0
Why do you need personal information?? Deleted.	0
Ever get a phone call from a Salesman whom you don't remember giving your phone number out to? this is the app that does it. it reads your phone number and identity and uploads it to the cloud where it can later be sold to the highest bidder. this app makes sure that it gets your identity because you have to login before you can even use it. once you log in, the game is a huge disappointment. mypoli has everything over this.	0
They banned me from the chat for saying SLAYER, as in the band!! WEAK!! POLITICAL CORRECTNESS HAS GONE WAAAY TO FAR!!	0
DL'd to try this app out, but could not get past the initial setup. Buttons missing labels or information, lethargic loading issues, and the graphics are really sub par for what other games host currently. Even the initial avatar appearance has most things locked behind a pay wall, and keeps putting me in a wheelchair! The idea behind the app has a lot of potential, and would be a joy to see if they can make it better and working properly. Will have to wait and see. As is? Not functional.	0
Hate it	0
its not like Loop Habits where i know i completed my habit this day. where are the statistics? give me the graphics	0
More like: how to gain dopamine for being organized. Not helpful.	0
hey team, can you help me to fix error? my friend has invited me to his guild, i receive email about that, but i dont get the invitation in the app.	0
This app is bullocks.I downloaded it and it ran smoothly on my phone and i setup my avatar my habits and my daily task and then it just stopped working and couldn't open the app again!	0
Graphics are suck	0
Just starting and learning how to use. Unable to set correct due date on tasks. When I select that task has a due date, todays date appears. When I click that date the calendar displays. Allgood so far. But when I select a date on the calendar and close it, the due date is still today.	0
Administered by childish adults, I criticized one thing in the app politely, and they banned me immediately!	0
cant even use the app, it doesnt allow me to check off things.	0
I really wanted to love this app. It looks amazing & has so much potential. However, the app does not sync to your timezone. My day does not reset at midnight, despite what the app says. When I try to change the reset time to match up with the incorrect timezone, it keeps switching back to midnight. So my day randomly resets, usually around 6 or 7 pm. Sometimes, the day doesn't reset for more than 24 hours. & my avatar takes damage for the "missed" day. Makes it impossible to effectively use. :(	0
Have to register	0
Uninstalling, took forever to load when my internet connection is just working fine on other apps.	0
I CANNOT CHANGE the order of dailies which is frustrating since normally I would like to have them in chronological order.	0
server issues please fix will change review when it's fixed	0
It doesn't work. Worked fine first few hours now it keeps saying it can't connect to the server	0
Requires being online to use. Which is a shame because it looks like a fun way to get motivated. Would use if it didn't require constant network or wifi connection (I live and work in rural areas) . Had to uninstall due to inability to use throughout the day.	0
It blocked me for no reason when I just only joined, i dislike this app.	0
This seems like a fun idea, and was recommended to me as especially helpful for people with ADHD, so I was intrigued. Unfortunately, I have encountered a bug where when I get to the screen where I choose my screen name and username, I cannot press the next button after filling out the name and username. Then, when I exit the app and go back to it, it's the default character and I cannot customise it/my account.	0
Please make it work again. The app is great, but it is not working and says I'm not connected to the internet, even though I have 2 available connections. Please, fix it!!!	0
Uninstalled. Couldn't get it to register. Disappointed	0
Boot it up, a choice of login or register. Chose uninstall.	0
Need to work offline	0
Was expecting it to be offline	0
Actually there is a difference between the username and the display name. But thanks for explaining that. Cannot change Display name.	0
Updated review: I have used this app for half a year, against my better judgement.  I have sent eighteen bug reports to the devs.  Little.  I could easily send another twenty more, but it isn't worth the time.  This is simply the most bugged piece of software I have ever used.  The avatars are hideous.  The only good thing that this app has going for it is the clean user interface, and a clever separation of the to-do list into three sections.  It is missing some pretty basic to-do list functionality.  The game loads slowly, and doesn't work without an internet connection.  Some of the bugs I've experienced: Reminders pop up on random days, no matter how many times I readjust their settings. Constantly having trouble connecting to the servers. Visual bugs: shows one item, but you get some other item.  Newly equipped main weapon won't show on avatar until app restarted. Progress bars for quests spaz out every time you open the page. Keyboards won't go away once they pop up. And the list goes on and on...	0
It doesn't work!!	0
Useless	0
Does not work	0
Update: problem fixed. Did you people just do another update? Because the app is completely screwed up. It can't recognize that my phone is connected to the internet.	0
needs online account? you want to see our habits eh? no thank you.	0
I keep getting a message saying the app can't connect to the server and every time I tap on a different colour of skin or shirt it stays the same.	0
Fantastic Habit Forming App! The staff is so kind and helpful. My reading skill and general cleanliness are castle improved. I love forming a party with friends and doing all the little quests together.	1
Great experience. This app has made me more productive and engaged! Love it	1
I find it so hard fitting things in/remembering to do things, but this app makes it a breeze. Grateful to have it! 👏	1
Made productivity really fun.	1
Best gamification app.	1
awesome!	1
Makes daily chores feel like a game. Habitica has this thing where you collect an extensive list of gears and animal companion when you complete tasks. I love collecting items, so choosing the rogue class out of the other 3 is probably the best choice for me. There's so much more to it too :)	1
I REALLY LOVE THIS APP. REALLY MULTIFUNCTION AND REALLY GOOD!!	1
Nice app tp start a new habit!	1
Great idea, great app	1
Worked extremely well for me with getting organized and gamifying everyday tasks. Has a really helpful community.	1
Previous issue was fixed by developers. Thanks for getting back in a timely manner. Great application and is a fun way to keep yourself motivated. Being a gamer myself it is a nice change of pace to your traditional tracking app.	1
Great app help helps me get stuff done compared to other so-called "Adult" " serious, not childish" app	1
New UI design is amazing! Only one mistake... when I edit a task, the save button is not showing but I can click that...look into it. Edit: Its fixed now already, Thank you :)	1
I love it :D I met great and fun people and this is the only to-do apps that really makes me do it or else I'll die oof. I love the concept and all but i kinda wish that there'll be more default costumes like the hair that is free, or some that can be bought by coins if possible. And maybe the background too? Anyways overall I love it, it was really effective for me. Keep up the good work, I'll look forward on it	1
What would I do without this? Seriously. I don't know. This has honestly helped me work out, and floss. How dumb is that? I don't want to disappoint my party, so I have a certain amount of reps and chores to take care of every day. And darn it, I do them. I have 100% seen improvement in my muscle-mass. It seems... So weird. But this game/whatever you want to call it has started to make me buffer. And I love it.	1
Best app I've used to help me stick with habits. They change colors, ranging from deep red to light blue, to show the how well you are doing with the habit. The support features and articles help you customize the app in many ways to fit your needs.	1
This app is amazing! It's exactly what I need to keep track of my goals, cleaning tasks, and to-dos. The widgets were a game changer and allowed me to basically create my perfect bullet journal spread on my phone. And they already gameified it for me so I don't have to. Truly a blessing of an app.	1
Habitica has been a massive positive push in my life. I dont make alot of game reviews, but i kinda felt like i had to for this one. I have adhd and it mainly affects my executive function which gives me alot of issues with procrastinating and putting things off and letting things like my personal hygiene and im ashamed to admit this, but the care for my animals go. Having a place to manage all that with an immediate repercussion, even if digital has been a wonderful motivator	1
This app has helped my family and I maintain a daily routine despite the emotional rollercoaster that has been 2020. Updates sometimes cause bugs but they're rather charming & are quickly corrected. Whether you're using this solo, with irl friends, or ones you make through the app, habitica will help!	1
I wish it will be widget in next update Please	1
Used to love this app, but recently, it's become very buggy. I can no longer use the check boxes for Dailies or To-Do's. Please fix this app. UPDATE: Appears that whatever bug occurred has been fixed.	1
I love this app! The new dark mode is great. You guys fix any problems really fast and listen to the people who use Habitica which I appreciate. Cheers!	1
One of the most flexible productivity apps I have used. Works as a Habit tracker, daily reminder list, and a To-Do list, which is great if you want to have an overview of all these things inside a single app. Makes your tasks feel less overwhelming by keeping the theme light and fun. The devs add new content to it constantly and the community is able to create guilds and challenges, offering a more social experience than most other productivity apps.	1
It's a nice to do list app for me. Separating things into habits, dailies, and to do's isn't something I really thought about. So it's helped me plan what I want a bit better. I just wish there was a late night mode where it acts as if it's yesterday so you can accurately reminesce about what you did that day. I usually plan things out at night. Also turning a to do into a nice grocery list would be nice too. Trying to put it in the notes of a to do doesn't really work since you can't check.	1
Useful, needs a good internet connection (I can do banking and then find that my connection is not good enough for Habitica). I have used this for well over two years and, even at work, it's a nice boost to my feeling of accomplishment when I get things done. Great co-op with family, too. Very responsive Devs.	1
The best habit and to do list tracking app.	1
Increible! La mejor app para organizar tu vida!	1
This app saved my life	1
This makes me so much more productive!	1
This app changed my life	1
I noticed how obsessive I was about getting an achievement in some video game..Like a new gun, module etc. I would grind for ages... I thought what if I did this kind of work in real life? I would be so far ahead! So I thought to look for a Gamification app. Habiticia fit perfectly. I'm using the same "obsessed" attitude and all my thousands of hours of childhood "training" I have to achieve in video games games for achieving my daily habits. Thank you, you saved me. Instant 1 year sub.	1
This is one of the best to do lists that I have used . Even Google's to do lists pales on comparison.I was surprised to find no constant ads or a pro mode which these things usually have. The widgets are almost perfect except for the hobbies make that 1x1 but it's a really good experience overall . I recommend using it . It helps a lot gamifying ur to do list makes you more eager to do them . Thank you for a to do list that is totally free . I definitely recommend this.	1
Quite fun. Actually started keeping up with good habits already just to hatch some pets	1
Idk why I still stop doing my habits	1
Phenomenal productivity application.	1
One of the few apps i can truly say that is life changing	1
This app is amazing, truly. Sure, there are still minor bugs that existed from years ago when I started my first account, but the amount of progress it went through during that time period just shows how much the developers care and how much effort they've put (even just from the display!) in towards realizing this wonderful app for all of us who are looking to better our lives. Thank you so much!	1
I absolutely love this app, it has helped me a lot organizing my time and creating positive habits!	1
Edit: the app gets better with every update and I hadn't had any bugs for a while now. I absolutely love how it looks after the latest update - super clean and fresh. 5 stars and many thanks to the hardworking devs. Love habitica. I find the app often has one bug or another from update to update, so can't really give 5 stars, but the devs do a smashing job regardless so 4 stars from me.	1
Awesome stuff! I just wonder if its possible to have a choice for dates to be sorted from day/month/year since thats what im used to. Other than that great job!	1
Thank you for the wonderful update. Been using the app for years. Because of the great update, I bought gems as gratitude to the developers. Thanks!	1
Wow new app ui is looking great	1
Thank You for the Update, I have been waiting for dark mode since months. Best App Ever!!	1
This app is really amazing! There are different categories to sort your tasks into to suit your particular needs. The RPG aspect is really well done: your productivity reflects on your avatar in a surprisingly immersive way. It's rich with a variety of items, equipment and cosmetic customisations for your avatar; the quest feature is a great way for people to socialise productively and hold each other accountable in a fun and creative way. I've never loved getting things done more!	1
Love the new UI. Before, you can't look at tasks when offline. It's fixed now. You can also filter the tags.	1
Really helped with motivation	1
This app has been a game changer for productivity in my life. There is soooo much to do and explore.	1
Amazing app, love it!	1
I like this app. But currently there's a glitch which isn't letting me delete dailies and habits left over from older challenges which have been closed now. Please look into this. I tried re - installing, and using the website version, but nothing worked.	1
Can't recommend it enough. Get a party, and you'll make friends super fast and get loooooads of motivation! NO ADS. No annoying popups. Only teamwork, motivation, and rpg magic. Perfect app. Can't thank it enough.	1
This app helped me so much with acquiring and maintaining good habits! It's amazing, I adore it deeply, and will continue to support it 💛 I've bought a yearly subscription - totally worth it! This app is lovely, and developers deserve all of the praise they can get 💜💜💜 Love you guys, keep up an outstanding work!	1
The best way to help a nerd getting h*s tasks done! I use it everyday.	1
Habitica isn't just helping me stay productive and organized, it's also really fun to use, and makes me want to do stuff I'd otherwise try to avoid. I love everything about the app, especially the social features like Guilds and Partys which make the whole experience even better.	1
Like it. It has items and you become a character that takes dmg and lvl up. Even got a pet. Love it	1
I'm only a few days in, but I gotta say, this feels like virtual adderall. I'm excited to get things done now. My to-do list doesn't scare me anymore and I no longer deal with crippling anxiety about all the stuff I didn't do every night when I try to sleep. Definitely feels like I've "hacked" my reward system. Fingers crossed this isn't just a honeymoon period, because for the first time in ages I'm ENJOYING getting things done. No more stress - just dopamine.	1
Nice app finally some good frikin friends	1
Excelente para organização pessoal e ainda se diverte com o jogo	1
This app has already helped me so much and I got it a week ago!!	1
Great app that helps me keep organized and motivated. Fun spin on a to-do list!	1
Simplify your life with the leveling up system and - categorizing & organizations	1
This is a very unique and interesting game, and it's really been helping me keep schedule during quarantine, which is amazing and really makes me happy, but it only gets four stars because sometimes it doesn't keep content. I used a royal purple hatching potion on one of my tiger eggs (I had two) and both items disappeared from my inventory but I didn't get my tiger, which is really disheartening. Very willing to fix this review if it suddenly shows up, but I don't think it will :[edit-fixed!!	1
nice app	1
Great app! Has kept me on track with my goals!	1
The grindy gamer in me refuses to not be rich in coins buy in order to get coins, I need to finish tasks. I dont even feel like studying is studying anymore. Studying has become grinding for a game, making me want to do it more.	1
Awesome! The last time I used this app was about 3 years ago. Now I use it again and found the updates are amazing.	1
The best habit forming tool ever, whether you pay any attention to the game aspect or not	1
This app is great! I've only had it for a few days, and I'm addicted! It's so fun and helps to get rid of habits and create new ones, it helps me get things done. It's so cool! I love the fact that if you want something, you've got to earn it, and it makes you feel good about completing tasks! It doesn't always tell you to rate the app and/or share it which is another plus. 11/10, I do recommend!	1
I love this app, it only app that keeps my interested. I love the to do list, habits and daily :) then if you want you have a change to challenge yourself. I wish they had a search bar to search up challenge, maybe a group and create group button and way to invite friends and become friends with your real friends so you can do challenges together but I would totally reccomend this app download it now you will not regret it :)	1
Best habit tracker app ever	1
This app changed my life. Im more willing to do the hard parts of my day because I don't want to take more damage. Seriously, this app is a God send and I even subscribed!!	1
I LOVE THIS APP VERY MUCH. When the quarantine started, I gained a few kilos, didn't exercise enough and would sit on my phone all day. When I found this app, I started to do things - even making habits that I want to have. Also, this app is also a semi-RPG game, so it's a really big plus. 5 stars, GUARANTEED.	1
This app combines all the features I've been looking for into one simple interface	1
I love this app as it actually help me to change habits.	1
Dame great app	1
I am completely in love with this app. This app has changed my life completely. Which is why I want it to get even better. Here is a small recommendation. Make a 4 week calender system (A/B/C/D week) so that if you want to make a schedule where you take 1 day off after 3 days of work, It is completely possible to make a routine that will keep repeating itself. (4dayx7=4x7day) by simple math, once you get to 5th week, you are back to the same pattern as that of 1st week and so, the cycle goes on	1
Best productivity app ever.	1
This is a really fun and awesome why to help you sort your life with the bonus of dopmine fun things.	1
So far this seems super cool! I'm excited to try it more and leave a more informed review!	1
trying to be productive	1
Just love this app,it's really awesome for managing your dailies and to-dos,for anyone who loves gamified version of work to be done this app is all yours ;)	1
Update made it working again... Hats off to the hard working Devs... Eager to try it....!!!👍	1
I love this so much	1
Love it! Such a brilliant idea and really well executed. One of the best apps I've ever used.	1
One of the best apps that I've used so far... I'm a procrastinator, due to which my grades had suffered a lot... I came across this app on a site, and decided to give it a try... One of my best decisions	1
I really really love this app. The gamifying is really good. And I especially love the guilds with various creative monthly challenges. Another pro is that most people don't spend too much time chatting. The chatting is limited to a healthy amount (cuz ppl r busy with tasks) and it is still social enough to provide enough encouragement, sharing of thoughts and pointless banter to take ur mind off stressful stuff .	1
This app has helped me in doing my tasks on time. It helps me to be more accountable and be more responsible enough. The gamified style kept me going as I see how much my character levels up.	1
Just like Solo Leveling	1
Best productivity app I've used!!!	1
Excellent app!!! I would rate it 6/5 if calendar option somehow exist. Imagine you do have birds-eye view in days, weeks or even years. May not be a rating/review more kinda suggestions hehe. Admins and Developers great job! Salute to them for making this app awesome. :)	1
Great tool to develop new habits. I owe habitica a lot.	1
excellent app	1
By far the coolest darn app I have ever played in my life!! I love the whole concept of what is trying to be portrayed here. I doubt I'd actually be good at it because I kind of procrastinate on things a lot😂but it sure is fun already so maybe I've got a chance. But thank you developers for creating this. This can really help people towards their future😊🙏in the most bizarre but absolutely amazing and fun way🤗	1
Keeps me focused	1
Love it. Pretty simple, and it helps me get things done, and even helped to break bad habits like sleeping wayyy too late and waking up at like 12PM. I haven't talked to other users all that much but from reading tavern messages, the community seems very helpful and supportive. I've been using Habitica for about a year now, and I plan to continue using it until I can finally get things done without having to be threatened by a party quest boss lol. 11/10	1
Very nice productivity rpg game	1
This is the best! This inspired me to complete my tasks that I always seem to forget in doing. I also had fun at the same time! I really love the RPG-style theme. While using this I realized almost all rpg mechanism are in this but trading so I hope you guys put a trading system or item gifting or whatsoever in the next updates. Also, I wanna try becoming a subscriber for free so, hope you guys give me atleast a 1 mo trial hehe💖.	1
I LOVE THIS APP. It helps me so much when I want to get something done, and when I need to do something daily, like take my vitamins, or wash the dishes. There are also so much nice people when you join guilds. 10/10 would recommend to a friend. Note: This app is way more helpful if you're into games, points, and competitiveness. (I'm very competitive 😅) But it's still super helpful even if you're not that interested in that stuff. Again, 10/10 would definitely recommend!	1
Actually for once in my life am getting stuff done lol	1
Awesome! I've become way more organized after starting to use this app. Absolutely loved it. Keep up the hard work dev.	1
It just works.	1
Helped me get in control of my habits, helps me keep accountable! The setup allows me to select how difficult any task is and scales to it, very helpful	1
I've only just started up, but this app has progressed so much since I last saw it! UI is really tidy and easy to use. It doesn't feel like everything is locked behind a paywall (though I plan to support). Tasks/rewards/etc. are easy to customize, so the game can be tailored to exactly what you need. I have ADHD, so an app that makes every task a fun/novel experience is fantastic. I'm hoping this becomes a well worn tool in my belt. Thanks to the devs for creating such a useful resource ❤	1
Even without an RPG element, this app is robust enough to suit any of your habit tracking needs. Its ridiculous how much better this app is compared to other regular paid or unpaid habit trackers.	1
Really love this. I enjoy the complexity and the fact that you can buy 'rewards' for keeping up with stuff and that there and consequences for not doing your dailies.	1
This app really changed my life. I was able to make my life work with this. I've been trying to get my life on track and out of depression, and this app showed me how. Now I am keeping my house clean, keeping up with my social life, doing homeschool with my kids, and keeping up with then 😊 I didn't think that was possible last year.	1
Its awesome	1
Helps me SO much. Like seriously, commit to this, get into a "party" (kind of an online group for this rpg), and it may help you like it's helped me! I am really lazy so the progress I'm making is miraculous. It really kind of.. forces you to do what you need to do and it's my favorite mobile game there is. Hats off to the developers and anyone else involved!	1
Amazing, creative and motivating. Kudos Designers love the Gameboy pixellated feel really made me nostalgic. Amazing app	1
This app is very nice, it did help me	1
Took me awhile to figure it out, the mechanics are interesting, the design is fun. It helps me build and quit some habits that i have been trying to.	1
Fun	1
I've been using this as a motivation and self-rewarding To-Do list. It works, and there a lot of communities of people here! Ranging from LGBT to mental illness, it's great.	1
It just might be one of the best apps ever made. It has helped so much with my productivity and has such wonderful features. I love it!	1
I will reinstall this app	1
The app is really smart	1
Helps me turn my crippling depression into regular depression.	1
Thanks for free widget	1
I'm thoroughly enjoying this app so far. I've been a lot more productive and on point with my tasks as well as keeping up with my personal studies and hobbies. The game aspect has been great for me to hold accountability of my actions while finding joy in completing self-made goals and gaining experience and items.	1
Super fun way to keep up with tasks	1
It was amazing	1
Great. I would recommend the following features: - Skills. When you work on a task, you could select which skills you will be working on. - A timer: keep track of how long you spent working on a task, and consequently on the skills. This would allow a summary of how long the player spent on each skill. - (maybe?) Skill trees. Being able to create publix skill trees for a project/hobby/etc... would be a very nice feature too.	1
Very good app to help keep and develope new habits! Best gamification of tasks, habits and to do lists!	1
It's hard to not get bored when I being serious on something. So, I always think that life is a game. And this is a great app that can help me to get rid from my boredom when I build my good habits. Thank you very much for the developer. 5 stars from me. 😊🤩	1
Love the app so far. Great for motivation, but non-punishing, cute graphics, and lots of stuff to explore. Splitting up tasks by priority/type is awesome. It really has made everyday life feel more guided and fun! Would highly recommend for people who enjoy collecting, gaming, or seeing your progress add up. *One note is that sometimes, lists of tasks disappear/show tasks already completed. Closing and reopening fixes it, but would appreciate it if this bug was addressed.	1
Best productivity app	1
The game aspect is fun, and can provide a little added motivation, but beyond that it's one of the best free to-do apps I've found. The organization is easy, and the breakdown of habits, daily (or other schedule) tasks on repeat, and a one time to-do list give much more depth than apps that claim to be more "professional." If you like the game-ify idea this app is great. If you want a solid, free task manager, ignore the cute icons and go with this one as well.	1
Very creative. and a good idea too!	1
Very usefull and fun	1
La actualicé hoy (22/07/2020) y se detiene cada vez que intento ver o darle de comer a mis mascotas. Por favor soluciónenlo 🙇	1
I'm here for the Ninja Cerebral	1
Loving the app so far and has helped me stay on track with some chores and. My v small complaint is that the date is expressed wrong (for 90% of the world) as mm/dd/yy, wish I could change to dd/mm/yy, any way to change that setting on the horizon?	1
The BEST app for motivation and tracking! Even putting the game aspect aside, I have never seen a more user-friendly app for habit/task tracking. I love how there are different categories for habits, tasks, and daily to-dos. It's customizable. Getting coins is motivation! Ive recommended it to everyone! Only thing I wish it had: a way to see your stats based on your missed to dos or frequency of habits. For instance: most health lost due to *blank* etc.	1
It's been a week since I started using this, and I so already love this! Thanks!	1
Habitica is a lot of fun to use. It helps me more to be productive by applying RPG concept into my everyday tasks. The quests and collectibles are also fun to do - it is so rewarding.	1
Habitica had helped me a lot in my efforts to improve my life. I've been using Habitica for 2 years now, and it really provide me with the motivation & support needed for me to achieve my objectives.	1
This is an awesome app idea for really anyone to use. Just a great app	1
Awesome app. Helps me keep track of my daily tasks and routine. I like the fun reward and punishment system in the form of an rpg game. Keep up the good work!	1
Great way to keep track of things to do on the computer and phone	1
I didn't think this would work, but it really does help to build habits. The interface is pretty simple and easy to understand. The complexity grows over time. I'd really like a way to share to-dos with a group. Reward those for taking the initiative to take some of the teams shared tasks.	1
Super great!!	1
I seriously like it	1
Thank you this made a difference	1
One of the best habit organisation apps and it gamifies on top, the only feature that I would really need is managing dailies in groups, like meals in group.....etc.	1
What an adorable and inspirational app! I have actually done things I was considering putting off because I didn't want to lose too much life and thus important items I really need/like. I've even gotten my partner to download it! It also doesn't penalize you too harshly for "falling off the wagon," so to speak, and not using it for some time. As in, days to YEARS. It's the perfect combination of motivational and understanding, which is the perfect recipe for success, at least for myself. 🤓	1
Really helps me to keep things organized and is a great way to keep myself on track!	1
Its great but I need to make a habit to use the app.	1
Just love it	1
Does what it says, but unable to re-arrange the tasks to my liking via the app. Have to use the browser to do that.	1
Excellent for daily tasks and scheduling future ones	1
Life changing app. If you have any affinity to video games and want to better your life you're in the right place. This app saved me.	1
Excellent app, they greatly improved the quality since last time I used it. I'm a user of the web page for 5 year now, and the app was a little outdated but know it is very complete and useful. Thank you!	1
It sounds crazy but this app has basically changed my life. I'm more productive every day as this game motivates me to get my life together. I like how I can give myself credit even for the little things, the house chores no one will pay you to do or thank you for but that still need to be done. It can also be very social if you want it to be.	1
Amazing app.. One request from the developers.. This app is turning humans into better humans so 'the rouge' class should be renamed to 'the Ninja' or something as it affects the subconscious brain of users without even them noticing it..(this pure psychology) And this is how low of attraction works.. Never talk or think of things which you don't want in life.. You yourself would not want anyone to be Rouge. So please give 'ROUGE' SOME positive polish.. If you can. Only a humble suggestion.	1
I have used this tool continuously since 2015 and it's a fun way to get yourself to do tasks that otherwise you might not be motivated to do. I've been a subscriber for almost two years. I would highly recommend Habitica, whether you prefer to do it all on your own, quest with others, take up challenges, or just keep track of your flossing. There's a lot to out and I've never gotten bored in almost five years.	1
Awesome. It really helps me to level up my life.	1
Changed my life. The group feature, when you have a family, is a must have. Seeing our avatars morph and change while we level up our life, priceless. This app is worth it, it's one of the best decisions I've made for me and my children. They're excited to do chores, and I no longer procrastinate. I just can't recommend this app enough.	1
A good app. Love the concept. Helped me	1
This is the first time I found an app which can read my mind. This app really knows the scientific importance of reward. I really advice anyone to install this app and give it a try especially if you are a student.	1
It is awesome super helped me But I have a suggestion you can improve your chat session and to invite members to party you can make so we can explore users and invite them	1
I've never enjoyed accountability before this... Our whole family partied up and is having a blast PLAYING to do chores. Wonderful concept!	1
I'm really enjoying the fun parts about this game and hope that it continues to grow. Downside is the glasses and headband can't come off the avatar. So my character is stuck with them for awhile.	1
Super helpful for habits and breaking bad ones	1
What an absolute boon. My boyfriend has ADHD and a love for video games--this app helps him remember and complete tasks much more easily than unengaging notes-app checklists. It really does wonders for motivation. Habitica is helping me survive grad school AND manage the mental load of day to day activities. I'm really excited for the new "groups" feature to be rolled out as well. Thank you so much Habitica!	1
Loving the app so far! Just a minor note: I can't seem to unequip my avatar's glasses or headband...	1
Awesome	1
This is great! After having played it for three days I was begging my mom for chores to do!	1
Getting into it, following the mechanics and I feel motivated to do ans comolete stuff to earn Exp. I haven't used it much but I'm satisfied already. One small thing I can't choose to wear no glasses and I believe this is an unintentional error.	1
10 out 10 recommend for anyone who wants to stay organized and goal oriented without knowing you're doing it! This app is For beginners looking for a concept to start planing or motivating & go getters who want a fun and resourceful way to sort your goals and stay motivated.	1
I love Habitica! I've used it for several years, both the browser version and the app. I love how simple it is and I love the social aspect! I've been able to make friends and find support through guilds, and my party really pushes each other to be our best and continually improve! This app has helped me focus on self care and get better grades in school. I'm building healthy habits and having fun with the creative quests and interactions! Habitica is amazing!	1
Has really helped me get more done and stay on task!	1
The best out there.	1
I love Habitica. It works to make the things I have to do at least somewhat rewarding and I can set fun goals for boring tasks.	1
Great app. I don't even play video games but I love the set up of this application, the split into habits, dailies and tasks is perfect. The streaks and rewards are motivational, I like the capability to set reminders and being able to have a task list widget on my home page. I tried a couple other to do apps and none have kept me consistent besides this one.	1
Great! No errors found, super useful, fun, good design, and small (I guess?). Super recommended!	1
With your friends you can play this game. You progress by completing tasks you set for yourself. Often i see t the app and think, well, 10 pushups isn't that hard, might as well do it. Without the app i wouldn't have thought that. Set small tangible goals. It motivates me to do the things i want to do but can't get in the habit of doing.	1
Fantastic app.... I have tried many other productivity app and used to find it difficult to follow them every day. After I switched to this app.. it became all fun and I am getting motivated to complete the tasks as I earn rewards Suggestion to developer: I use browser version more than mobile app. please add reminder feature to browser version as well. Also please add auto date parser while adding the task. It will save a lot of time in entering the task. You ca take reference from ticktick app	1
I love the interface, the overall concept and easiness of interface. Rewarding and fun to use, has helped me alot with my life goals!	1
The only app that really helped getting through my really busy schedule	1
Helpful and fun	1
Love this app. If you need help sticking to a schedule, meeting goals, or want to better your life in any way this app is for you. Guilds and challenges promote productivity. Separate categories for habits (positive/negative), daily tasks, and to-dos keep the app structured. Wish there were more items and rpg aspects after reaching a certain level though.	1
I love this app. It keeps me on track and I have fun while doing it. Whatever aspect of you daily life you want to improve, you can set tasks and goals to help you achieve it.! 💯🙋🌄	1
Really helped me stay on top of online classes this year!	1
I love this app. It's helped me so much. There's only a few things that bother me about it, like how you can't change the order of dailies but besides that it's fantastic.	1
The best app for people with or without ADHD	1
This app is fantastic! It helps to organize tasks and bring new positive habits into your life. And does it in a gamified, entertaining way. You should at least try it out!	1
Thank you	1
Very nice app. Let´s you make reminders and actually feel rewarded once you do it.	1
The app has improved over the time I've been using it. There are a few things that would be useful to have. For example, the ability to search for challenges like in the website. On another point, this app has really helped me improve in different areas of my life.	1
Love love LOVE the idea behind this!	1
The best app to become a better person and acheive your daily goals developing great habits! The whole community is cheerful and i may thank you for taking the time to develope such great considerate features for free, you've really helped us all 💖💖	1
Please keep tinkering, and improving. Thank you for this app	1
I love this app. It's amazing and has made me a bit more productive with the few days I've had it. I just wish there was some sort of game that comes with it. I know it isn't the point of the app, but I feel like if some sort of game was added, there would be more incentive to do all your tasks. I know it's probably just me who has this issue, but a game really would add a lot to the app (even a tiny one).	1
App keeps crashing when launching, couldn't even get past the title screen. Edit: After signing into the website version, tried to install the app again and apparently it worked!	1
WHY? Why my habit streaks keep disappearing every single day!? :( Edit: Thank you, developers! I didn't notice that option I love this app❤️	1
So far the best productivity app, with this being productive is fun	1
I soooo love this app. I am not a gamer but gamifying my habits makes it more interactive. You wouldn't want your avatar to die so you'll do your tasks.	1
This app has helped me make my days more productive, and I like the way it's put together. Two suggestions for the devs: 1. Introduce an option to stay indefinitely at one level, only needing that fixed amount of xp to refill your hp. With the ever increasing xp requirement, eventually I won't be able to keep levelling up and will start dying, and that'll be demotivating. 2. Make a holiday mode that has a different set of dailies/habits. I'd like to have different goals on holiday.	1
I am in the unique circumstance of liking to gamify my life and also being horrible at incentivizing doing daily chores. This is literally the perfect app for me.	1
So far, I love this app and the idea behind it. It holds me accountable for my tasks and habits which i really love. I would totally give it a shot.	1
I moved to a new phone and can't restore my paid Pro login, so now I'm limited to the features of the free version.	0
This app is really pretty annoying. it said I didn't allow any permissions but it gave absolutely no further instruction. So for a $1.99 I figured what do I have to lose. Well I have a lot of time to lose because I spent the money I now have the premium app I set the timer and I got the same message. It says you have not set permissions but it gives no instruction as to how to set permissions and no button that I click works. If it wasn't too much aggravation I'd be asking for a refund.	0
Heart breaking to see that even app allow list requires premium membership. Please try to help people out and we are ready to support you through ads. I hope to receive a reply from the team.	0
REVIEW UPDATE: Not sometimes, now it's frequently happening that I can close the forest app and bypass the whole purpose. I can then use my phone to its full extent and forest is absolutely useless to me. I will have to try some other app. Old review: Sometimes the app lets me open apps and get through. The option to select 120 mins is great but they need to patch this bypass bug that's been happening. I'm on a pixel 2XL	0
All the tree just got premium Leading to less free content	0
I buyed new mobile and tried to login using it but wasn't able to do that.. I also tried by signing out other accounts but then also I couldn't.. Look into it	0
i just want to restore my acc, im just logged into it on my cell phone and i still can't	0
Not able to restore my account in a new device. Very worst.	0
It is a TERRIBLE app. It always says Forest has stopped working.i hate it. Dont download.	0
I have already installed it but i cant see it in my computer, i dont know what is wrong I installed it from google drive and....i cant see anything in my computer, if you can please tell me where can i find it , i would be so thankful!	0
I have been facing an issue with the app for quite a few days now. I stay on the app but my tree still dies. And after that it still gives me the notification that my tree has grown. So in essence I get neither my grown tree nor my coins even after I was on the app the whole time. Please fix this, as otherwise the app is really cool.	0
It often doesn't count exceeded time, which makes me frustrated. I already purchased premium and I regret it because of this problem	0
Can't turn on Deep focus mode	0
I had to uninstall the app since it didn't open and kept stopping, when I reinstalled it all my progress and data was lost .	0
Worst app ever. Whenever I open it, THE ONLY THIHG IT DOES IS STOP.	0
so disappointed with this app! I purchased the pro version then i changed my phone. I cannot log in my account they are asking me to purchase the pro version again. I purchased the pro version again but I'm really really really disappointed I WANT A REFUND THIS SO UNFAIR.	0
Its not installing in my phone	0
在app内付费了两次！没有升级到pro版本！restore显示error且没有refunded！I NEED MY MONEY BACK！！！	0
Erdfyg	0
Poor service. I purchased the premium version, but I can't login again. When I choose the login function, the app always asks for redemption and has no function of filling in the account login.	0
Paid for the pro and im already annoyed. I have several dead trees they want me to pay to get rid of just because I was canceling to fix the "deep mode" settings that you cannot turn on after you started, but it doesnt even warn you its not on until you start, so its an automatic failure you can't rid of. Dumbest and most easily avoidable issue	0
Very useful app! The only thing I wish you put on the app is a pause button or something to point different moments in the work block. Excelent app I bought the pro version 'cause is very accesible. I wish you put more things to make this app the most incredible productivity app! 🤍 EDIT: I need help with the premium purchase!!! I send an email and one person responded my email but the problem was not solved. I want a refund please, I like the app but this problem is a Headache, sorry. :/	0
Nope not a good app I can't log in it I'll find a better app	0
Disappointed. I have paid for the pro version. Due to space issues I had to delete this app,however I reinstalled it. Now I'm not able to restore my pro version as an error occurs nor am I able to login to my account. I have logged out of all other accounts as said in the error, yet I'm unable to use the pro features it's asking for payment again. On top of that your support doesn't even care to reply. Already mailed them twice. Seems that you only care until your customer buys the pro version.	0
I can not restore purchased, I already follow the instruction.. And then send email but get no response..	0
I paid for preminum version but they took the money twice out of my account and didnt even activate my version. Kindly do the needfull	0
Após a última atualização ficou péssimo o app.	0
A sloth is faster than this app. Literally.	0
This app is so annoying I mean already bought the pro version and I am locked out of my account. This app is a waste of time.	0
I already have subscription but still I'm not able to login . Everytime I click on login or sign-in ad for subscription comes up though I've 1year subscription .This happened after I upgraded it to the newer version. I've already paid for it, Please look into the matter.	0
These people can't bring flora app to android as they consider iOS are rich	0
Todo era muy bonito hasta que pusieron todos los árboles guays en modo profesional. Los que conseguí hace tiempo con sudor y lágrimas me los van a quitar a final de año :( Mi vida ya no tiene sentido en esta app, estaréis contentos...	0
All beautiful plants are now in pro version...and for Students like me whose parents won't allow me buy pro version ,this app is now not that good. The update is very bad...I don't like it	0
⚠️ Scam alert ⚠️ this is what happened. I purchased the app few weeks ago. It was great no issues in that. Then uninstalled it and reinstall it again. The problem is it didn't log into my pro version account. I contacted the support they asked me to do stuffs like clearing catches and other stuff. But I realized the problem was in the app. It didn't recognize me as a pro user and I have the PROOF OF MONEY TRANSACTION. I mailed then couple of times but no reply. I NEED MY MONEY.	0
I want to love this app, but every time I use it and every time I try to upgrade to premium, I get an "Error 599" message. Tried factory resetting my phone, even! Definitely a shame, as I was looking for an app to recommend to my students.	0
hey why is it so hard to log in to my account. i need to restore my premium first to log in but the restore button isn't working. now im stuck with the free features. please fix your logging in interface	0
i paid for full version but im unable to restore after i reinstalled,pls look into it	0
money wasting app	0
I update for new version but it cost money, then dont say that this app is freeeee!!!!	0
I cannot log in myself to the app even though i just paid for it. The restore button doesnt work. It keep saying error. My 100php is wasted.	0
I had planted many trees and finally after a long time I was able to earn 500 coins and purchase the sound of night sky and also had around a 100 coins left out with me. Two days later the app automatically went back to the initial form(like the way it was when I first downloaded it)and my hard earned night sky sound was gone and also the remaining coins (approximately 100 coins) were also gone. Ps:I did not change anything in the app.(This app has glitch). UNHAPPY :(	0
I was a big fan for the longest time but with the newest update? Uninstalled.	0
It was good at first but then I don't how but they asked me to unlock the various trees and forcibly asked me to give them coin.	0
great app until the update. I really loved the app and accidently Uninstalled it but then remembered and downloaded... thinking back it was a great choice .	0
Apps been goood. Helped me a lot Free features have now been changed and are only available on pro mode.	0
Edit: i am unable to restore my pro version back from the same account that i had purchased it, i have sent mails, To the premium support and to support forest. I'm getting the same reply that login from the purchase Account, but i am trying to login from the SAME ACCOUNT from which it was PURCHASED. yet I'm unable to LOGIN. I have shared the screenshot of the same in the mails, please check and help me.	0
I really liked this app until they started forcing me to upgrade to premium. It asked me to update and I did, turned out it was rhe worst decision I've made. I saw the responses to other ratings like this and I understand why it was done but couldn't you keep SOME nice looking trees?! I really hope you consider this over and make some nice looking trees for the free-version users. I won't delete this app yet but if this doesn't improve it is almost guaranteed that I will delete this.	0
Pathetic update!! This is totally unfair! I am gonna uninstall this app immediately.	0
Latest version 👎👎👎👎	0
I like tu use this program, but when ever I open the app , it says : unfortunately , forest has been stoped. And then it closed I don't know whats the problem and why?	0
Why is everything set to premium? I am finding a open source version of this app.	0
Was a good app but now many species can be accessed only for pro users😥	0
It used to be great but now coins are useless since every cool looking tree is now behind a paywall.	0
Worst update ever	0
It won't let me restore my premium account. Same phone, same google account.	0
kinda sus that they made almost all of the trees and plants premium.. they really wanted people to go pro so that they can unlock new trees and plants.. this new update is honestly so unmotivating	0
It's not the best option for beating distractions, the makers of this app are extremely money minded.	0
Waste, concept is good but it was not wroth paying premium.	0
I wasn't able to login to my account actually I'm a pro customer it's a bad experience.	0
Old version was much better..why were the beautiful plants were moved to pro version?	0
Not working at all.	0
This app was very benificial at first. But after you added almost every tree in premium version, I lost my interest. Even after the update, new tree added is not free. This is sickening.	0
I am not able to sign in in this app.....	0
Attention. Can you add custom list of loud sounds endings of pomodoro app. You app should interrupt me after end of pomodoro , but I don't hear anything.	0
Unable to get new trees, store won't load (Error code 2903). Error message asks to reply via in-app feedback system which dosen't seem to be there in the settings plus FAQ and support page dosen't open either. Have updated the app to the most recent version, yet problem persists. Kindly resolve.	0
I didn't like the upgrade. I couldve had various kinds trees!! Now I need to have the pro to get it :<	0
Just give an option to go back to the old version. So unsatisfied and feel demotivated after the new update.	0
It used to be a really great app but then the problem arrive. It told me to update to latest version to see a new species but it was the worst update that could be ever made. With the new update , most of the good looking tree species have now been reserved for those who have unlocked the paid version. I'm really dissatisfied and disappointed cuz i have been using this app for the last two years. :(	0
Mad Game App	0
You can't unlock most of the trees until you pay for pro version	0
The app was very good before the update. But now for everything they ask you to buy the pro version. non pro users can't even buy new trees to plant. It's really a shame.	0
Been using this app for over a year, it used to be great and many things were free but now they need you to PAY money for half the content. I have thousands of coins but since you need to buy with real money there's nothing to spend it on. A lot more intrusive ads have surfaced when before it was optional to get extra coins (yes we do notice these things). Been a disappointing downhill since its glory days but there are better apps now that do the exact same thing.	0
Sooo baad game	0
it keeps crushing down	0
My rating to this app just dropped from 5⭐ to 1⭐ mainly because of this company's marketing strategy on how to pressure someone or the previous users to buy their pro version. There were many beautiful trees in store where you can purchase for free with free version. Now, it's only possible by having the pro version. It's quite disappointing that this app doesn't allow you to feel motivated and pull you down by offering their worst trees masterpiece. I won't give my 5 ⭐ till this issue FIXED!	0
Amazing app for concentration and motivation. Would really appreciate it if there is an auto pomodoro function i.e. 5 min and 15 min breaks between 25 mins of work. Would seriously consider buying the pro version if it is available! Edit: Instead of improving functionality to incentivize users to buy the premium version, they paywalled most of the trees. Kinda beats the purpose since there's no incentive anymore.	0
Opened my app today just to see that almost all of the trees and plants are now behind a paywall. I understand the reasoning behind this decision but it's disheartening to see. Especially, since I've been saving up for wisteria for so long and now just can't access it. I don’t use this app often enough to justify purchasing the premium. Guess I'll just look into other apps like everyone else then.	0
Unable to download...its already showing downloaded but it's not downloaded in my phone	0
This 1star is for new updated version....prev bersion was beautiful but new one sucks, it doesnt count time if phone is in battery savings mode...	0
Well.....i have started today only....so later i will explain it	0
I give one star because I don't like this app because it like a mobile timer , in my mobile already timer	0
Can't even reset my password because every single time I get "An error occured"	0
The attracting feature of this app were the variety of trees; this was also an incentive to study more, as that (if you used the app correctly) was the only way to unlock new tree species. You've taken this feature away for most users and kept a few, bland trees, as an obvious tactic to boost purchases, which is annoying. What's even more annoying is the disingenuous replies of "pirated software", (09/09/2020 response). Was going to give a 2 or 3 since it's now just an average app, but now a 1	0
I HATED the update all the beautiful trees are now in the premium suction it was way fun when I was able to choose what ever tree I want and buy it with the money that I earned from the time that spent focusing now I'm earning money for nothing like what's the point ?	0
Helpful in staying on task or to not use my phone so much in distracting or unhelpful ways. Concern is that I was trying to get trees and now, just today, I noticed that certain species are no longer available. Disappointing. Edit: A lot of users are also finding it unfair that you took away an exciting part of the app. Us regular/ non- premium users are very disappointed. Change it back. Please stop generating automatic responses. Edit 2: Just as suspected, an auto response. No action.	0
All those nice features it says you can use? They sound pretty great don't they? Only problem is you have to pay for them. Like all of them. Yeah it's free, you just have to buy the premium version to do LITERALS ANYTHING. I was excited for this. I'm certainly disappointed.	0
Very bad decision doing that the most of the trees became a pro version, for this reason I uninstalled it.	0
App is not opening in my phone. What may be the problem? I love to try this app. Please help me out .	0
Awesome app But developer is Chinese Boycott China We want made in India app🇮🇳🇮🇳	0
Not working properly for me , The app crashes everytime i open it which is so stressfull . Im running on a andriod 4.4.4 which the devs claim that is supported although it litterally crashes as i open it.	0
Not so good app	0
I'm lowering bcs of the now update. I find an awful decision to block most trees under pro. As other users have pointed, it takes most of the fun away from free users. I was very excited to rebuy some trees from other times I had the app but now I can't. I'll be uninstalling the app	0
It's a very bad app because I changed the settings too , but the tree 🌲 would die everytime if I opened another app or turned off my phone	0
It's not working on my tablet Huawei T17..plz solve this soon..i rate it 5 bcz It's helping the environment...now i change it	0
Without buying pro version u can't enjoy this spp	0
I would give 5 star before the last update I used to do hard work for those expensive plants....Now i think i will uninstall the app son	0
Everyone's hungry for money and so is you,now I can't even plant those trees which I have already unlocked.Keep your app don't need this now.Uninstalling...	0
I purchased a big bag of time crystals on 28th of September. I sent a complaint because I was not able to redeem said purchase because there was some kind of error. The response team said they were on vacation until 5 October so I was patient with them. It is already 10 October and I already asked for multiple follow ups, and still no resolution (redeem or just reimburse me) of my problem. How long does it take for you to fix this. I've paid actual money for this. I love the app but response 👎	0
It doesn't work for me. It always get out of the app	0
Support tablet landscape mode please. Uninstalled	0
The main aim of the app is to maintain focus while we are doing any work and hence it should provide app locks during our work but that app provide these feature to only paid members which is not bad but I think you should provide some main feature to free members also which will satisfy our wish of focusing. you can provide some additional features to paid members but to lock app is just main aspect you should provide it for alll	0
The app is crashing everytime I open in my Mi Pad, Android kitkat 4.4.2 device! Even unable to submit bug report as well!	0
Error code 600 when I try to insert a friend code	0
Since the latest update, where you now always have to assign a tag, I will choose one, because I have to now, and then when I check on my timer a while later, the app will have changed the tag to something else for some reason.	0
I cant believe the majority of the trees were moved to premium users only. I've been using this app for years and have watched tons of adds. Ill be looking for a new productivity app now that there is a ridiculous pay wall to use the different tree species.	0
I used to like this app and have motivation to actually use it, collect coins and buy new species of trees. But now all the cool stuff is only available in the paid version. Disappointed. Upd: stop with this pirated software BS. You did it because you're greedy little devs. Unfortunately, you will only lose customers instead of making money through ads. How sad	0
Not at all satisfied about new update. Cannot unlock beautiful trees without pro version searching for similar apps and uninstall as soon as i find it	0
Why can't we edit the tags rubbish gold diggers...	0
why did all the trees have to be in the pro version it was not like that before this just makes the app so focused on money this sucks	0
I cannot recover my vip purchase	0
Disappointed me when asked for money : (	0
With the recent update I lost all coins and all my unlocked trees. And now I find that all the trees I had unlocked are blocked for the pro version. Not impressed, will be uninstalling this app	0
Really great app that works very well. Unfortunately I have to give one star because of the poor customer service. I would love to purchase the pro version but I was having issues, so I reached out months ago, and there was no response. Please fix this, I would like to support your app but this is not good at all.	0
It's just not fair... I have been using this app for years. I can't buy the pro version because of the country where I live in (Iran). You just took everything away from the non pro users. I used to love this app but I see no respect. Deleted it. Sure looking for some other app	0
Disappointing, every tree that I wanted is in a pro version??? This used to be my favorite app.	0
I can't FOCUS if my plant keeps dying. 🙂	0
All was well until the developers literally forcing me to upgrade to the premium version. I understand that everything CAN'T be for free BUT the numerous advertisements which I watched since last 2 years didn't generate any revenue? The trees which I bought with my coins went all into the premium version and now they are saying that I can't plant them until I upgrade. What the poppycock is this?! Without much ado, let me move on and get a new productive app.	0
Why all the trees in pro version ?? they were free before... now i can't have those plants. change it....... change it now.....	0
Very boring and irritating app..... Unusually robbering people.... Truely the new update is worst	0
Loved this app until a lot of the trees were placed behind a paywall. There are similar apps out there without this feature.	0
B AD	0
I love this app but after the last update it won't work at all. :(	0
Not working. Keeps force exit the app.	0
It doesn't work anymore:(	0
the new update locked several of the trees behind a paywall. this is disgraceful because all users should be able to unlock them by using the app. there is no justification for taking away important parts of the app that were previously available to everyone and now only premium users can access them. the devs must change this back so that all previously released trees can be unlocked by anyone. edit: there are many other reviews with the same problem but the devs don't care. LISTEN TO THE USERS	0
Used to love this app, but I got a new phone (Pixel 4a) and its all screwed up now. It won't let me restore my purchases and the buttons are misaligned so the back button is hidden under the camera. I get stuck and have to close the app to exit the screen. Really disappointing.	0
it is extremely disappointing that most of the trees now fall under the pro version and the developer is basically forcing the free users to buy the pro version and pay money,, and it's not like I didn't contribute to this application's revenue since I've watched thousands of advertisements over the past few years so this new update is really frustrating. what's the point of allowing people to download it for free if you are just going to restrict it so much and take away so many features?	0
I already bought this app a year ago. I just got a new phone and it keeps on pushing me to buy premium when I've already bought it. Logging will also push you to buy the premium. I've tried to click Forget Password but it send the email VERY LATE.	0
I am highly disappointed by the latest version of this app, all the beautiful tree species have been limited to pro version and I don't find any reason to let this app be in my phone. Probably going to delete in few days. :(	0
I really love this app, as it really helps my focus on my work. But the recent update took away all of my motivation to collect coins to buy new species of trees. I'm not a premium user and not being able to collect all of the species makes me very sad.	0
It used to be great but ever since it updated it doesn't work and it let's me go onto other apps while in use which defeats the purpose of the app. I was going to upgrade to premium but now that its not working I don't dare risk it if even the basic features don't work then I doubt that the premium ones will.	0
This is the worst app ever. My password was breached and my information may have been leaked to third parties. It won't let me delete my account or even change my password. You should be ashamed that you made an app that takes people's information like this, and then you don't have the courtesy to give them the option to delete their account. Literally the worst. Get yourselves sorted.	0
For a producticity app they sure are unproductive. I sent them messages regarding some glitches in my app. Four months later, no follow-ups, no solutions.	0
why did you take away the option to unlock trees with coins? that's dumb. edit: i've read your reply and believe that better services were not provided and operations were not improved	0
What's the problem!!!!!!! I don't like it coz it always says that the game has stooped u nfortunatelly	0
Not bad.	0
Awesome app, really motivates to ditch the phone but I just purchased premium and the app didn't get updated. It says your payment was cancelled even when the amount is deducted and the bank showed "payment successful". Did I just waste my money? Please solve this problem. I have the latest version of the app... it's up to date. I also wrote a mail but there has been no reply till now.	0
Force closing after recent update on all samsung devices.	0
Very very bad	0
Dont know what they did but this app doesnt work on my Android 10 device anymore. Lags for ages then just stops working and shuts down. Not helpful. Now my forest wont grow and will become neglected because I am uninstalling this app next and I doubt I'll ever use it again.	0
This is worst app....single star dena majboori th...nhi to wo bh n deta....mera premium ke liye 129 rupees pay ho gya aur yha pe premium bh nhi mila....ye log bina login ke payment krate h...to kya proof h ki kisne payment ki.....this is worst app don't pay	0
I was thinking about buying the pro version when i have the availability of all the trees for the other benefits but at the very end they put all the good trees in pro version kind of forcing me to buy it. That sucks and makes this app good for nothing.	0
Too many ads, find another alternatve with no ads or at least not as many.	0
Hearing other peoples experiences really ruins the app for me. I'm a pro user, I didn't know that all the trees were behind a pay wall now. But to make that change, it's really disappointing. It takes away all the fun, all the hard work people have made to buy trees. And you guys don't care, you just copy and paste the same trashy response. I honestly don't think that putting everything behind a pay wall will "prevent pirated software". Won't people want to pirate it more when the fun is gone?	0
Fazol app	0
Premium should be free	0
When I downloaded it is coming fail to try	0
Good app	0
Not bad	0
Dear Forest. As a loyal user I'm deeply disappointed in your current business tactics. It seems your team has not understood how to go about this. Perhaps you need to consult with someone, cuz you're not only frustrating potential new customers, but also old ones. I cant believe every feature for new users is blocked- how am I supposed to get someone to purchase when they cant experience the app? Ive unlocked every tree, have 16k+ coins & feel betrayed by this new referral nonsense. Get help.	0
Everything was great until developers started literally pushing me to buy a premium version. Now I found out that all cool designed trees are moved to premium version.Sorry not sorry,yet there should be a little piece of respect towards your loyal customers who have been using these app for years (personally I've been using it since 2017). I understand that there couldn't be everything for free but still you could keep at least some nice options for other users. I'm so sad yet I will delete it	0
Everything is locked in premium. No use for basic version	0
Its not even opening 😠😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😠 this don't deserve even one star. This is just a wastage of time and data .	0
i am not able to login kn my account. i have a pro subscription. please help	0
I am not able to log in There's not option to log in They ask to register again	0
after September update it's annoying	0
I'm a premium member...After updating I'm unable to get that pear tree house..pls look into this issue	0
The app is not working on my phone. It keeps crashing. I've complained multiple times. I've also sent emails detailing all the problems but i haven't gotten a single reply. This started as soon as i bought the premium version of the app.	0
Cant restore in app purchases so I paid again the pro version Then, my trees didnt come back after signing in my account. Can you fix this?	0
I liked this app this is verry nice aap	0
Used to be great until they became too pushy to upgrade to the paid version. Now you need to be on the pro version to buy designer trees as compared to the early days where you could just purchase them even on the free version. Quite disappointed with the development team frankly.	0
I don't know what's go in on cause from yesterday my forest It doesn't work I'm so sad cause I love this app please fix it	0
doesnt really work for me personally, you might feel it differently however	0
Wow	0
App just sucks. And don't say you made changes to prevent piracy, that's just a pathetic excuse. This is just a BLATANT MONEY GRAB! YOU FOOLS ARE PATHETIC! GET A DAMN LIFE LOSERS! Revert this app back to what it used to be and you will find people coming back in DROVES! Until then, just watch them all leave.	0
Horrible update	0
Very good app for students	0
I really liked it until the new "pro version" update	0
It should be free for all and focused defined	0
I bought premium and reset my phone and I can't get my pro account anymore. Can y'all fix that or something	0
Why everytime I try to login to my account, the software ask me repurchase. Right now, I am unable to login to my purchased software.	0
It was a good app. I made premium purchase yesterday and unknowingly cleared my data today. Now I can't login and asking me to buy again. Please look into this. Many of my friends facing the same issue. Please make login a feature in the app 🥺🥺😭	0
Lost My Premium Account Due to a recent update , the app kept crashing , hence I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it again. Ever since then I'm unable to recover my Premium account and have lost all the special trees, data about my studying hours and basically everything. I have tried contacting the company through mail, NO Response. WOW ! That is not the response a customer would expect when he is robbed off the app he just purchased. No reply for the Mail either. People dont buy this Sham	0
Why do you lock everything in new updates? I used to love this app but I'm uninstall it	0
Multiple times they showed that coins doubled after rewarded ad but in reality only half the amount would be added. What a trick to get your sponsors their target and fool us, didn't expect this!	0
It is useless. Even after planting the tree app does not stop me.	0
I bought the pro version, however it doesn't unlock the tree species?why is that?	0
I really loved this app. I used it regularly and planting my forest really motivated me to keep going on. Unfortunately from the September update on almost all trees are behind a pay wall now. I understand you cannot do everything for free, but the trees should at least be available for coins you can earn for using this app. I'm not sure if you are really reading this, but you don't have to copy and paste your standard answer to my comment as well. You already did it to a bunch of others.	0
It's a bit pathetic that rather than adding new features to encourage people to switch to a paid version, features have been removed to make the free version less appealing. The number of trees available to purchase no matter how many ads you watch is now nothing compared to the past.	0
I liked the app so paid for the premium edition, however it doesn't let me log in on my primary phone. The login screen keeps sending me to new purchase page instead of actually giving me a login. Both my devices are android phones. Disappointed.	0
This app does not notify me when the pomodoro is done. I just end up working for an hour or two. Useless.	0
This used to be a great app but the quality has gone down over time	0
I was using this quite a bit, but now I'll lose trees about half the time from things like notifications from android manager, voicemail notifications, etc, and it won't let me add any of the phones system apps to my white list. *edit* I've reduced to one star after getting a new phone, was unable to switch with this app and lost all my progress. Also so many features are pay walled now! I can't even have a white list anymore unless I pay.	0
I found a replacement for you now and I am very happy 😊. It's the study bunny app and has all the features which your pro version has in free . Uninstalling this app .	0
I HAVE PURCHASE PRO MODE BUT MY LITTLE SISTER ACCIDENTALLY UNINSTALL IT, AND NOW I CAN'T LOGIN AGAIN BECAUSE I HAD TO PURCHASE IT AGAIN. I CAN'T EVEN RESTORE IT! PLEASE FIX IT SO I CAN LOGIN AGAIN! PLEASE!	0
It's very bad	0
help when i try to log back into my pro account when i press restore it wont let me, saying to use my original google account and log out of my other ones when i never changed my google account at all???	0
Ever since the update I been unable to log in to my account despite only having the account I purchased the premium and can't even do forget password as it won't send me an email. And seriously what's the point now with the new updates, small trees size and look bland. This used to be good.	0
It doesn't work on multiple devices	0
It would be 5 star but 1 star for you dammm new update which is purchasing plants😤😤😤	0
It doesnt guide me back when i leave the app	0
I used to enjoy this app but with the most recent update I have no more incentive in using this app because there's basically no more trees that k can buy without paying for the pro version. I'll be looking for another app to use instead of this one.	0
Got much worse after update.. I LOST ALL My paid trees that i had purchased...... i am looted...... return my species	0
Just purchase pro version. Can't sync through my devices, can't restore purchase also. Totally scam Ps: already tried your suggestion and not working. I purchase other app before & not have any problem even I use many phone	0
फर्जी	0
I used to give this app a 5 star rating before the new update... it used to be such a fun and helpful app to keep people motivated by letting them collect all those pretty trees.. now non-pro users barely have any trees to choose from☹ i was planning to do themed gardens each month, i guess now thats down the drain😞	0
Loved the app, was saving in game currency for a weeping willow that was listed as free. Only needed 100 more coins to purchase it but with the recent update almost 60% of trees have turned to premium...throughly disappointed.	0
Not able to understand how to use this productive app	0
App used to be great, until the update .. 😢 Please consider making some trees free again for free users. I really miss enjoying this app😞😞. I understand how they need the money.. But they didnt have to cause such an inconvenience to the free users by leaving them without any good stuff 😣😣 EDIT: seriously An Automatic reply?... shows how much y'all cared.. disgusting	0
I bought the pro version and now I am not able to login again. Everytime it's asking me to sign-up again and for that you have to buy the pro version again. I don't know is this is the problem with the latest update but I am not getting option to login	0
I know this app from my sis. 11/10 would be focused again.	1
Productive app	1
I loved this app so much. Really useful and easy to use. 10/10 <3	1
I love it	1
Nice	1
Amazing app yo stay focused and relax too😜	1
Simple easy to use app. Has massively increased my productivity.	1
Nice	1
Its an amazing app to keep us away from distractions	1
This app is amazing. It definitely helps me focus on my work and get things done. If you get it I suggest buying premium cause it's a small price for a very great app. 10/10 recommend. I use this app everyday.	1
It is a really good application I really liked it. It helped me to increase productivity	1
Amzing app	1
Nice	1
Best.app.ever. really helps me.	1
Very useful app	1
Quite awesome. Love the asthetics too. My work gets actually done these days coz of this.	1
The coolest app ever.	1
wow	1
This is great I love planting and helping the community (´･ω･`)	1
Nice app it gives us sense of time invested and also good vibes	1
Nice	1
greaaat 😍😍😍	1
Helps me focus on my sleep😴	1
This app hasn't aged with online classes and online studying and all	1
حلو	1
아주 멋지다 그리고 나는 그것을 정말로 좋아했다 و 그 덕분에 매일 수업을 잘 공부할 수 있습니다 💙	1
Good	1
Love it	1
👍	1
Pretty awesome	1
Nice app super cool I am impress And subscribe slay point	1
Nice app	1
Helps me focus a lot	1
Does what I need it to do! I've got ADHD so the app just reminds me to keep doing work or making art.	1
I have a problem staying off my phone, and this gives me the stimulus to stay off and get to work. I do appreciate it.	1
Amazing	1
So pretty...	1
I love it!	1
It really helped me uwu	1
My best app	1
I can relaxxxx	1
Top to play of not watching your mobile with your family	1
Bomm	1
It's really useful	1
Unique & helpful 🙂 Can make the versions better...	1
This is a best APP	1
It helps a lot to focus on ur tasks , improvises ur focus level And once start using this app u will be excited to grow more trees and make ur forest beautiful	1
Tis good I used it for A levels and now Uni work	1
Best	1
Nice app	1
good	1
Just discovered this app thanks to other students, love the "plant together" mode!	1
Helps me focus on my work but the downside is whenever I close my phone it takes 10 to 15 minutes and shuts down maybe this is because of my phone or something but nonetheless I enjoyed using it.	1
it's great, it makes me more productive and stops me from procrastinating 😁	1
Está genial :)	1
So good for students	1
I haven't used the app in about a year and when I opened it now, I find that I'm totally enjoying the new update. 👍 Thank you for making the app more interesting than before. I went premium right away!	1
Nice	1
Good 👍	1
very nice	1
Very helpful on study	1
Show	1
for the first time in my life i studied continually 4 hour having 5 min break after 25 minutes.. i dont know how to thanks the developers who had worked hard to build this apps but thank you guys.. u made something really helpful	1
Great app, there something peaceful above it.	1
💜	1
Amazing app! I really recommend instealling this app 🙂. I recently installed it a few hours ago and so far, its probrably the best app to stay focused on certain things! This app is MIND BLOWING 🤯!!!	1
Cool	1
Nice app	1
Amazing	1
Helps me to focus on school and work!	1
Just for that coral plant... Btw good app	1
one of the super best apps for focusing on diff things ...helps in maintaining routine	1
This app so useful for me and make me more productive than before.	1
Lovr it	1
So cool..	1
Nice app	1
I love this app	1
Great application. It's a great approach on practicing productivity! 👍	1
Cute and useful app	1
This ia a awesome application.	1
👍it was good	1
Actually makes me work. Super easy layout and very cute :)	1
Am installing noww l am very excited	1
I really love this app 😍	1
This App help me In my life	1
Nice app 👌👍	1
👍👍	1
Best app	1
Very good	1
Good App👍👍👍👍	1
काम पर फोकस करने हेतु बढ़िया ऐप।	1
Its a good way to focus. Makes me stop looking at my phone.	1
Love this app. Let's me stay focused	1
^-^ es buena la app	1
Nice	1
This app is helpful for me. I recommend it.	1
Ever since downloading this app, I've been able to get a lot more done around my house. It helps me to focus with the excitement of having a tree planted in my garden! I do wish more things were free on this app, but I understand why they aren't as well.	1
It so cute and good for have to drink a water	1
Wow	1
very helpful	1
You are the best. I learn programming so effectively with Forest. Thank you developers 🔥	1
I really like this app🌿 It's the cutest thing I've ever seen and it helps me a lot 🌱	1
prefect	1
Helped a lot with my phone addiction but I wish they hadn't moved the doggo tree to the pro version. Is there any way I can have that tree without switching to the pro version	1
Is a cute and useful app if u wanna study focus try it	1
Super app	1
Very helpful for me. Thanks!	1
Fun	1
So far still good, really helps me to stay focused	1
Why not this app is not downloading in my tablet. 😭😭	1
I love it this app	1
Keeps you focused and motivated 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌	1
Cool🙂	1
Really helpful for studying.	1
Interested in first view 😍	1
This is the best app for me!	1
It's nice to have an app that keeps me off my phone. Ironically. Anyways it's cool 10/10	1
❤️❤️	1
Well appp	1
It's good	1
Awesome 😌	1
It's a great app for focusing on whatever you do. When I open my phone, reading that little message immediately cause me to go back to my work. It really helps me to study for my exams, I'm used to using the app so much that whenever I set time I automatically get in the mood for studying and I start working efficiently.	1
good	1
Good app for study👍	1
Great app	1
Cute!	1
Good fucus att study download it now	1
This is really a good app, it really reduced my bad habit of using phone and checking phone continously, I suggest everyone to download this app...	1
This is an amazing app and love it 😍	1
Very nice app to concentrate on our tasks	1
Great 👌	1
Really love this app! So helpful and fun!	1
Good app	1
a very convenient app! helped me improve my studying habits. i'd recommend this app to all of those who are taking online classes.	1
A best app for students who cannot focus on there study /work	1
Superb app for students	1
yes this is the app for manage your time especially for studying. i already used this app since I was in high school.	1
That's amazing	1
It's good.	1
Super cute! And I h8 to kill my trees so I stay off my phone	1
The app is amazing ! Really useful and keep you focus at your work. It would be more amazing if after planting a real tree, you would obtain a picture and the location of your tree! Take it into consideration plsss	1
Good for nature	1
Bets app👌👌👌	1
Vidhya Hodkashiya Very nice time saving	1
Love this app. It's definitely a game changer and is great for reducing distractions from your phone and helping you stay focused. Would highly recommend this app and the other Seekrtech apps as well.	1
Very nice app, it takes a little amount of commitment only and the time flows easily and productively	1
Great App. Enabled me to monitor my progress	1
Very good	1
Got my mind fixed	1
Its so amazing i keep focusing on my assignments beacause of that i totally recommend it	1
I love this app!	1
Good app	1
Nice concentration app	1
Nice	1
Best	1
IT IS AMAZING...ONE MUST TRY IT !!!❤☺👍	1
Perfect app for self studying student.	1
It is awesome and really useful for studying.	1
Amazing,just amazing	1
Nice app as per some features are in pro but although app is great😍	1
So good	1
This is really working for me... I NEVER THOUGHT I was going to be able to focus this well	1
This app helps me a lot ❤️🤧😊	1
This app does exactly what it says! It has beautiful plants such as star coral and flowered bushes. The sounds are very relaxing and I like that you can set the time and reason you want to focus. Overall, very good app.	1
I really like the app, and it's very very helpful for me. Especially the plant together feature. It's the only app I have purchased the premium version so far. The only thing I would like to have and I don't is to be able to change the forest's floor, sometimes the green doesn't match the theme of my forest, but that's really me being nitpicky. Great app!	1
This app is great for staying away from your phone when studying, sleeping, or simply relaxing. It is great for practicing mindfulness.	1
This helps me get so much done! I would definately recommend getting this app!	1
I enjoy using this app, however the only concern I have is when I grow trees with friends, I am unable to see the duration of time. It would be lovely to be able to see it. Also a suggestion, perhaps add a new feature where we can customise our own tree and have it named. That would be so cute haha.	1
Great app!	1
I love this app the trees are absolutely lovely and the restrictive mode really helps me even with the free version it's so effecient i should use it more often	1
I love it... It helps a lot in my studies 💜💜💜I purple u creators	1
Its so nice and I love the sounds. It helps me not mess around on my phone in my homeschool. I'm excited to start planting some real trees!	1
This app has helped me a lot because I am a unfocuse person and focus person and help me get better grades.	1
Nice	1
Cool	1
So good 😊😍	1
This app is amazing ! My friend, Just download It ! It will help you, I'm telling you. This application helps me to Focus my study for my University admission Exam ! Gracious ❤️	1
Lovely app	1
Cute and motivational.	1
Very good	1
It's good you should definitely download this app	1
اجمل تطبيق رأيته بحياتي	1
Very useful to focus in a fun way!	1
So effective!	1
Good	1
Great	1
Nice	1
Good	1
Ui	1
So helpful and sweet	1
Just wonderdul app....I just love it...	1
Love it, recommend by friends. Help me to focus on my work	1
It is an amazing app .😊😊	1
Very nice app	1
Awesome.	1
nice	1
#LEARNPINAOWITHRAGHAV PLEASE SUBSCRIBE ON YouTube Learn Piano With Raghav	1
Me ha ayudado a concentrarme y me motiva el hecho de ganar moneditas	1
Simply this app is awesome So this app helps me motivate and let the tree grow until your task is done. Keep the good work up team.	1
i love this app	1
Purchsses HabitBull now Habit Tracker.. years ago...found the receipt and emailed them several times....no answer. I tried writing a review, no answer... I tried Google searches for head office...no word from them , so now I make a tradition to warn everyone against paying for this....besides there's a FREE app thats just as good called Loop habit tracker. Try that first.	0
Notifications and reminders don't work at all. Defeats the purpose.	0
SATURDAY Please Make Saturday as an option in the days week starts with I'm a premium user and there should be a response to my suggestions by at least replying my email	0
Drinking water task only let me respond once, then stopped reminding me. I'll go thirsty with this app	0
stupid app with adds	0
i sent them email for help regarding premium purchase and they never responced...it has been months or more.	0
Previously I use to get those quotes and will be able to get reminder with sound. But now nothing is working. So disappointed 😞	0
I'm sure it's a fine app but I can't create an account or login with social.... Unusable	0
Wouldn't let me register, said no Internet connection when on WiFi and 4G	0
Bad vvvvvv bad	0
I rarely rate, but this app is ridiculous. It's half broken, with terrible old design, very little functionality and the developer is charging £4.50 a month! While there is so much better app in every possible way and completely free without adds. Just uninstall this rubbish and try Loop Habit Tracker ;)	0
I've bought the app in long 2018. And since that time I haven't used it. Decided to return back, and discovered that my ` HabitBull Premium + Extras` is nothing. No visible way to restore premium Wasted 5$	0
Very bad, I purchased it and I couldn't registered or sign up to be a member. It keep getting error. Already email to teh developer and no one response... Sad	0
I bought the premium version back in 2016. I wanted to start using this again. Its been many days now and I have not heard anything about getting premium back.	0
Don't start	0
My rating reflects how well this app fits my needs... not how well the app works ...	0
Last update ruined notifications! (Pixel 4a, Android 10) I no longer receive daily reminders (which I loved) and I no longer get an inspirational photo, only a blank white space.😟 I love this app and it's truly helped me. Please fix these issues so I can change my review back to 5 stars!!!	0
Can't even create an account. I tried several times to open the app and start using it, but it says I don't have internet connection. My internet is fine, the app is not.	0
It was a meh app. Good for a while and then the server crash. I cant even login anymore. I already purchased the premium version but cannot use it anymore. So sad to say this but i really regreted buying the premium version. Bye dev.	0
Causes my phone to consistently crash anytime I try to log in.	0
It doesn't allow me to log in even though I type correct email and password	0
Notification Bar is to small. The notification that I receive after setting up everything (including but not limited to alarm sounds) is very small - just a 0.01x0.01 png image of a bull and the app defaut alarm sound - but there is not any visual effects [I have the volume turned up, and I went into the system settings to make sure that the app sound overrides the system to pop up on the screen] and I was wanting the display to illuminate over the whole screen and/or open the app up.	0
Only 5 give at least 10 habits for free	0
Login with Facebook doesn't work and neither does registering with an email.	0
Notifications don't work	0
App crashes upon logging in to facebook.	0
Unresponsive widget	0
There is no a daily checklist where i can see what is remaining for today	0
App is good enough ; but hanging / not working / making bad your phone ; Don't download it ; it will make your phone worst situation 😔😔👎👎👎👎	0
I added an ad blocker, and now my habits won't activate reminders. I paid for this app, I shouldn't have to allow special ad access.	0
It said hello super(wo)man which was pretty annoying. Uninstalled.	0
Can't use the app because it won't let me in! Keeps telling me to login but nothing happens!	0
Can't even sign in. Error notif says I have no internet connection.	0
Suddenly stopped giving any notifications. Without these the app just isn't useful at all.	0
eh pretty good but i dont like it 😞	0
8/8/20 Update: Signed in 3 devices. Added 7 habits. No sync on any of devices. FAIL. Original post 7/31/19: I bought Premium in 2016. Worked great. Was a 5★ app. Recently had to uninstall/reinstall and now won't sync.	0
Sync not working, cannot export content and widget is malfunctioning.	0
why do email ID and password Aap email id qu magate ho eese aapako kayaa 👎👎	0
Do not use this app, lost all my data (something like 3 years) go ahead and read other have the same problems, I even have premium. Now its impossible to login back with FB or email. Really, really disapointed. Developers dont answer any emails.	0
None of the reminders work, notifications turned, only when do I open the app do I get reminded of my activities	0
The notification and alarm functions don't work.	0
Very frustrated with this app. Was using it to track goals, paid for it so I could save data in preparation for switching. Setup new phone, try to login and FB login no longer works and email not recognized. Great app, not worth paying for at all.	0
Just 5 habits free !!!!!!	0
Worst app,, Now I just know that only 5 habit can track freely , there above premium, also payble Back up, But Developer are never inform first.....	0
No longer reminds me to do stuff. Looking for another app now.	0
There is a big banner of a cat and a dog with sime motivational lines on the home page. Also, i can't set up reminder every 2 days although i can set up a habit every two days.	0
limited number of habits only 5	0
[Privacy] Don't install this app. I purchased pro version [IAP] of this app in 2017. In 2018 dev mysteriously resets my account and when I contacted him, he gave me a password in plain text. So, he has my email address and password. I hope you understand that he has my data. I would urge you to switch to any open source app. Please care for your privacy.	0
App keeps crashing	0
The widget doesn't work properly. It only works when i open the app first and then go to widget again. Kindly fix this	0
I purchased the premium app back in 2014, and now that I am trying to use it again it won't recognize me as a premium user. I've contacted support and they have never responded any on my tickets. Poor customer service. I want a refund, or my premium account.	0
Does not allow tracking of more than 5 habits without upgrading. Unable to remove or hide features that are of no use to me. Do not recommend. Waste of time.	0
Worst App. Requires premium membership to sync data even after signing up with Email. What's the use of signing up with Email if you cannot sync the data. It's just a calender without premium membership. Better to use default inbuilt calender app to track your progress than using this application. I've lost all my progress that I've been tracking from 300 days. Shittiest app ever.	0
Can only track 5 habits at a time	0
Really liked the app and have been using premium but now I want to transfer to a new device. I can only doing this by signing up but whenever I go to the sign up section and type my email and password nothing happens and it asks me to sign up again. Really frustrating. If you guys can solve this it will definitely be 5 stars.	0
Limited free goals.	0
This app seemed to have all the features I wanted, but the sync did not work after I paid $10 for the sync feature. I emailed their support with no reply. Very bad customer service.	0
You cannot add more than 5 goals in basic, and the premium is expensive	0
U bought the app but can't reach my premium account	0
Limited to 5 habits in the free trial. Waste of time. This is not a useful free trial for me. I have 7 things I'm tracking	0
I have tried a lot to set up reminder..but unfortunately it's not working which is pretty excruciating as a new user. It seems good initially but this is pissing me off. Do ler me know I can fix up this ..	0
Force closing on Android 10	0
Haven't been able to get a reply from customer support since August 2019 - if you can't get your email registered you can't use this across multiple devices. Super disappointed.	0
I've been using this since 2015.now with new phone. It didn't sync and expect me to upgrade again. Fix it please. Else. It will remain at 1 star. My feedback 👆🏼 posted few weeks ago was ignored. Uninstall for good!	0
Was really enjoying the app but now the widgets stopped working.	0
Only 5 habits	0
I bought the premium access and then when i change my phone, i never could get access to the premium version again... I wrote them an email 2 month ago and i havent received answers yet.	0
DON'T PAY FOR THIS APP IT'S OUTDATED AND NOT SUPPORTED BY DEVELOPPER ANYMORE.	0
Last updated 2018 really!!!! I am a premium user and it crashes sometimes. Bad investment.	0
After purchase, sync is not working. Then y sholud I purchase this app. Profile name is empty, while editing it says "something went wrong". And app is completely crash now. Not at all opening.	0
Only 5 habits. If you dont want to pay it's not worth having.	0
Couldnt create an account, wouldnt let me past the setting up account page	0
Such a bad experience. I bought the app and now it says they can't find my email id in their database. I am trying to reach them for 4 days. No response. just automated mails. so pathetic.	0
Many bugs: - Some deleted habits appears suddenly, combine with current ones - Some habits: successful days not linked each other. (I'm a premium user)	0
Confusing. Used to be better long time ago, not anymore. Confusing usability.	0
Stupid app	0
It doesn't work or show any reminders whatsoever and no picturea as it says. I wasted my money	0
Sync problem is a deal-breaker. All that info is now lost. I used it for over a year. :(	0
For anyone who wants to use this app: Devs stopped updating this in 2018. So they won't reply to your queries and/or issues. Look elsewhere...	0
I'm unsatisfied with this application Not show negative feedback so it can't best app	0
Twice lost all data b/c wouldn't sync. Had over a year of data. Had premium and still didn't make a difference. Moving on. Just done. So upset!	0
I love the app, but it won't sync.	0
The Premium version of the App does not sync across multiple devices. I use an android phone and a chromebook and it still does not work. Don't bother with Premium.	0
I have an error that makes me unable to sync due to a connection error though clearly I am connected to the internet. I am a premium user. The app is great but please help me with my problem. I'm tired of taking screenshots of all my pages every week as my remedy for the sync error.	0
I just bought premium and realized I made a mistake right away! It told me to register to sync my data and I did. Sync option wouldn't do anything. I wasn't able to set a username because of some unknown error all the time. Then half the screen was empty and I decided it was a glitch and reinstalled it and now ALL MY DATA IS GONE! So stupid! I just paid 10 bucks to be able to create more than 5 habits and I lost everything! Don't recommend this app, so disappointed...	0
Guess I can't use this app after paying for premium 😧	0
Update 2020: sadly they didn't reach out to me despite me paying for premium version. Lost my account and no means of logging back in. Otherwise, the app is good especially the UI. Like this app but until recently I had to change phones and the database could not locate my email and the app changed names and logo so it's all confusing. If you could help me locate my account as I bought the premium version but couldnt log in to my account. Please help because I want to use this great app!	0
App was good in past but not anymore, it has stopped sync and many bugs creeped in due to no maintenance and update since. As per details in app Page, last update was on 28th Jun 2018, but still it is the first thing that comes in results when I search for "Habit" 😲 I guess Google should stop advertising an app that is not managed since years.	0
Used to be good, now support is gone and can't sync devices anymore. Pity	0
The app itself is great. I used it quite regularly a few years back but when I tried to use it again it seems that the 'new' owners don't acknowledge their 'lifetime' subscription. Sure hope my emails get more results besides ... /ignore kthnxbye Sent an email ... they said they opened a ticket and then ... crickets. Nice .. thanks, downgraded to	0
Not updated anymore. Unstable	0
Don't buy the premium version of this app. Synching doesn't work. Stick with the free version, which would be 4 stars	0
NOBODY USE THIS APP. Read all the forums. The app does not support the sync once you've bought premium. Everyone's saying the same. And the devs DO NOT RESPOND TO HELP REQUESTS. I have an error that makes me unable to sync due to a connection error though clearly I am connected to the internet. I am a premium user. The app is great but please help me with my problem. I'm tired of taking screenshots of all my pages every week as my remedy for the sync error.	0
Ugly ui jiss. Fb login dosent work.	0
I bought the Premium version and it will not sync. I have snet numerous requests to support and have received no responses	0
Used to be awesome, now I can't sync, log out or save changes made to habits. The quotes is stuck on same one. I have changed passwords, uninstalled and reinstalled, emailed your company and all but deleted app as it no longer keeps record. Please resolve .	0
Spamming me to rate. Well here you go....	0
Update: dropped 5 star rating to 1star. App will not sync. I have it on Android and iPad,and neither one of them will sync to the server. App store shows 8 months since any updates. Would not have paid for premium if I knew it wasn't going to be maintained. Original review: I wanted to make something like this myself, but they've already done a great job. I feel more obligated to the daily habits I'm trying to build, and it's great that it tracks my completion streaks.	0
App crashes	0
This app lost all my data. I would sync every day but when I had to reinstall and tried to sync-nothing. I had paid the money for premium but now it wants me to pay again.	0
The idea behind the app is good. Although, after paying for premium, the promised cloud sync does not work (several users mention the same issue). There is no way of backup the data either. I cannot see any feedback from devs here. Switched to a different app: "Habits."	0
If it's a passion project I'd be willing to support the creator, but this seems to now be held by just a shell holding.	0
Premium does not work. False advertising!	0
Find a new app. Overall if you havent noticed, the dev's left this app. As of recently, the servers are dead. This means you cant make an account, forums are gone, motivation pictures gone, etc. Find a new app,	0
How do i get a refund?	0
I was enjoying this app and decided to buy the premium features. But they took the money and provided nothing at all. I tries contacting the developer via Email and no answer at all. Stay Away.	0
I have been using the app from the last 3 years. I am a premium user. When trying to sign in a new device and sync, it's not syncing. I need my data. please help with this issue. Even after reaching to the support team tonnes of times no one is responding. So i am changing the rating from 3 to 1.	0
Vorrei avere indietro i miei soldi visto che il login non funziona e che non sembra esistere un'assistenza tecnica. I want my money back since I cannot login	0
Don't install this app.This is forgery. I've used this app for more than 2 years when I changed my mobile phone I couldn't login when I logged in it says "this email account is not in our database" I have the mail to prove that I had had the account in the App.I mailed the company 4-5 times but there's no reply. 2 years of my habit data is lost.	0
Decent, but premium features like Sync do not work, can't even reimport data you exported yourself. Had I realized this I would have never have bought the app, it's just false advertising. I now have to figure out how to port my data to another app where it won't be inevitably lost.	0
Do not pay for the app. Sync doesn't work , they dont support the app but they are always ready to take your money.	0
After installing this app my phone received an increased amount of spam calls. After removing the app from my phone I received fewer spam calls. It might be a coincidence... But it might not be.	0
*Update* 11/02/20 USE AT YOUR OWN RISK! As expected, no contact from developers. App has not been updated since 2018. This app was great for a month until it kept freezing my phone. A de/reinstall has now lost all my data and looking at other users with this issue, it looks like it is lost forever because of the sync function never working and no contact from developers. Very upset and disappointed.	0
The app itself gets the job done, but it will not sync and the developer is not responsive to questions. Don't waste your money with premium. You won't get what you pay for.	0
I paid for habitbull premium for the sync functionality, which fully does not work. I've tried reinstalling the app, reinstalling android, getting a new phone. No luck. Emailed habitbull a month ago and still no reply. If I want to take a backup I have to screenshot everything. not ideal Apart from this the app is decent. It's got a cute meme	0
stealing in 2020: make an app, call it HabitBull, make people buy it, remove it from playstore, republish the same app with a different name.	0
Paid for premium. Sync does not work. Publisher does not reply. Started reading reviews and found numerous people with the same problem. Going to try to get my money back. Nice app if you don't care about backups or syncing between devices or customer support. Switched to Goalify and finding them extremely responsive	0
Updating my previous review. I recently hit the two year mark on one of my habits, yet the app only shows me of having 30 days. This is the same bug I reported last year. It appears that it does not recognize some of my habits over the New Year. I've reported this problem four times now and have never heard back from anyone. I'm giving up on this app, and suggest you do too. "I've used this for a couple of years. There was a bug where one week of my tracking wasn't recognized by the app. This happened the week of New Years. I reached out to the developer five times about it and never heard back. Unfortunately, this has become an unreliable app for tracking."	0
This app doesnt sync data.	0
The widget and sync functions does not work on premium. I get the widget error telling me to log in but I already have and even reinstalled the app. Nothing works. Developer, please fix this.	0
No further improvement. UI is kinda suck, there are many better alternatives	0
This was a great app but it hasn't been updated since 2018 and sadly it be can become unusable in an instant with no fixes in sight. I cannot recommend this app. I would try something similar maybe open sources, or with dev support	0
Paid for premium so I could sync between devices, but it doesn't work and customer service will not respond to my inquiries.	0
Paid premium, it doesn't sync at all. Costumer service unresponsive for a long time. Don't spend money on Premium, this app is dead, the last update was in 2018	0
Good app, but no updates even after sending few suggestions. What is the point in buying Paid version.	0
Sync not working. Don't buy in-app purchase.	0
Paid for premium. Does not sync.	0
Failed to connect to Facebook	0
Facebook login fails with an error from Facebook saying the login method hasn't bee implemented correctly.	0
Lost all my data when I moved to ios	0
Hyper masculine tone is very off-putting and irritating. Hint to developers: Women try to change habits too! At least give us the option of just having hints in our own words...	0
Paid for the premium app last year, now there is no history of my email address ever being registered despite me having the confirmation emails from them when I first paid for it. Lots of complaints on here. Get one of the open source habit trackers & back it up yourself to cloud storage rather than spending money with devs who change the app name slightly & try to charge again. Seen this happen so many times.	0
Does not sync across my devices, which it claimed it does. Only reason I purchased. Looking for my refund.	0
It's working anymore after paying for premium	0
Does not log in. After 5 minites it's still trying to log itself in.	0
Had accumulated 5 habits that lasted 17 days and counting (now using a different app.) This pathetic app that I paid premium for, would not sync. "Check internet connection" every damn time. I paid for the damn app, sadly probably past my refund day!	0
Unsupported. Doesnt contain sync feature. Wouldn't issue refund. To the makers and google, get on your hands and knees and repent to g*d	0
Why are you counting inactive habits for the 5 habits total? It's ridiculous! There are many other apps that don't have this silly, cash grabbing limit.	0
Online sync is no longer working and last update was June 2018 which is more than a year. Is there a reason why I should continue using this app?	0
ABSOLUTELY DO NOT UPGRADE TO PREMIUM. It does not work. It does not sync. The developer does not respond. Google Play will not give a refund. The frees app is flexible. You can track yes/no and count per day habits. The count per day can be any criterion you want, minutes, calories, quantity.	0
"High background usage" Sorry, can't waste my battery spyware like this	0
Very bad premium services, developers are not taking care of this app anymore	0
Please ADD REMINDER 😭 or show me how to sett	0
Lies! No multi-device syncing on premium	0
Abandoned by the devs - hasn't been updated in over a year. Sync doesn't work at all, which was its main advantage over rival apps. Don't waste your time.	0
Premium subscription for such a simple app is greedy.	0
Expensive, old and without any support. Also much better alternatives are available now.	0
I like the app, but I don't like rating apps, and this one constantly nags you to do so with no option for it to stop. Even with the paid version, so 1 star for being annoying after I've given them my money	0
Files Lost Forver. No updates and broken	0
awsome application.. i purched it.. but i just want notifation should be blinking on phone like alram clock .. plz add this type of features.. the thing diplys in notifaction should be flash on main screen From last 10 month it's not getting synchronising.. Plz do something @developer We paid for it	0
Very expensive for a simple app, and quite useless without buying the premium. Only tracks 5 habits? Lame. I can't believe this is the app advertised in the play store, and still has a high rating because it is garbage. Sounds like even if I bought premium it would be worthless for transferring data to a new phone as the app claims, I won't even risk it.	0
Broken! So far, not impressed. I bought this expecting multi-device sync and haven't seen it do that. It wouldn't even restore a backed up file after logging off then on.	0
Developer is non-responsive. For some reason when downloading the app from the play store it associates with the incorrect Google account. I have verified I am downloading the app with my intended account, however it continually associates with the wrong account. It's not really a big deal, but I was planning to upgrade to premium with my play store credits. The account this app associates to does not have any.	0
App hasnt synced in 190 days. Won't let me log out. Still loads all my old data from last sync. Hasnt been updated since 2018, that should be the best clue. Dont buy!!	0
I loved this app. I've been using it for years. Today I have updated it and mh2 premium account just vanished! Now it prompts me to buy Premium again. What happened? Could you help me please? After a few years and after the second time paying for a premium membership and after no one reacted to my complaint, my premium membership and all my data vanished again without any backup as promised. This happens everytime I buy a new phone. Very dissapointing. I will not fur sure buy a third premium!	0
Only 5 habits	0
No longer syncs, no longer supported, so no longer installed on my phone. Was a good app. Shame :-(	0
Can't sign up with email!!	0
Will not let me register. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling. Tried both the email login and the Facebook login.	0
Need more habit columns for free	0
No longer syncs.	0
The last update was more than a year ago and things started to stop working. The company that owns it seems to be a scam. It was a great app, I paid for it and got no support	0
Sync not working anymore	0
If you pay for premium, you won't actually get the premium services (as other reviewers have noted). Troubleshooting steps from their site don't work, and no one responds to the support email. Contact Google and they'll reject your refund request.	0
App no longer supported, data loss likely: Was a great app until I needed to migrate to a new phone. The sync feature never worked, and I lost months of habit data. I tried contacting the developer via the supplied email, but zero response. I used to recommend this app to many people, but I'm done with it.	0
I have paid for the premium features but the sync is not working. I mailed them but got no response	0
The app hasn't synced for nearly 9 months despite being a premium user. The support team haven't acknowledged my email. It's a good concept but they've failed to make it work and don't provide customer support. Check other reviews. Go to play.google.store on a web browser. Select My Account and go to order history. Select the ... and it offers you an option to request a refund. That should get the developer to either repair it or take off the premium services it is falsely selling.	0
Only 5 habit you can update	0
Very poor customer support despite being a paid subscriber. Strongly recommend against this app. Not able to sync across devices and there was no response despite sending mails.	0
Sync isn't working. No response to emails. No updates for ages.	0
It's been 1 week since I'm using the app. The reminder system worked fine for 1day and from next day the reminder system stopped functioning. Really disappointed. May be uninstalling the app after few days. Hope this helps.	0
I bought premium and now I can't login to the app using Facebook. (and I can't login any other way) I get this message: "Login Failed: You can't use Facebook to log into this app or website because there's an issue with its implementation of Facebook Login."	0
Gives a cheap buy once option for Android users but for Apple users a more expensive yearly subscription price, which is very discriminatory.	0
An app absolutely focused on my needs... that has broken. The sync function broke down about 3 or 4 months ago, it can export its data to .csv but not import it.	0
Sync doesn't work. Paid for premium, had to get a new phone and it won't transfer. As other reviews say, it seems this app has been abandoned. Unfortunate because I liked it.	0
Like another commenter said. Just installed it on new phone and even though signed in it doesn't give my my paid for premium. Previous phone checked the sync and last sync was 128 days ago.	0
Purchased the premium, the app stops sending notifications after some days, I have to repeatedly open the app to get notifications, waste of money	0
Sync DOES NOT work! I've tried multiple times to get it to work and my internet connection is just fine. Had to switch phones when my old phone died and can't get my old data back on the app because sync doesn't work. Also no way to import data. Great app if the feature worked or could import data, but rendered useless because of this. So if I switch phones or have to reset to factory standards, I lose everything. Paid quite a bit for this app just for this feature alone, but it DOES NOT work.	0
not free	0
Sync doesn't work	0
Don't buy the primium subscription, the app does not sync as it says. Also, support never answer.	0
Do not buy premium! Devs are not responsive and there is no way to reach them should you have any issues. Contacted them several times to transfer purchase to new phone, nobody responded.10$ wasted.	0
Takes ages to load each time I open it up. Used to be good. Time to say goodbye	0
Pathetic. I was totally in love with this app until I changed my phone. I lost the phone, and when I installed the app in my new phone, everything was gone. My habits, data for last one year, every damn thing. And I have purchased premium of the highest cost. There's no way to restore my data or contact the devs. If you cannot save on JSON file of mine in your cloud, please explain why I should buy premium? There is a sync option in the app. Don't tell me I should have manually "synced" my stuff	0
do not use this app for tracking your habit for long time, you'll lose your data if you do t pay the premium membership. I've lost 3 months of daily tracking data of my habits.	0
Purchased by premium, getting error can not sync. Emailed support, no response. Don't waste your time or money	0
DO NOT PURCHASE! The app works as it's supposed to, with exception for the added purchase features. I bought the app so it could sync up with multiple devices, that feature does not work despite following the FAQ as to why it might not work. I have tried their support ticket system which had an automated response, but they have yet to respond despite me trying multiple times to reach them and ask for assistance or a refund.	0
Can't log in with Facebook.	0
The reminders don't work. No noise. No vibration. I even bought premium to see if that would help. No luck. If I wanted a place to just mark my progress, I'd keep an Excel spreadsheet.	0
I bought the premium version of this app and it doesn't work. The reminder does not function, which basically renders the app useless. I emailed the support team and I haven't gotten any response or acknowledgement of receipt. I want a refund. What a waste of my money	0
Needs to allow more habits in the free version, giving people time to use the app and consider upgrading.	0
Reminder did not appear	0
Unnecessary limiting of number of habits to be tracked. Use Habit loop app instead	0
App is not supported anymore and syncing not working	0
Reminder does not work	0
Appears to be an abandoned app.	0
(UPDATE (October 2019): VERY DISSAPOINTING The SYN function is no longer working, which I found out while rying to transfer my history to a new phone. Some other reviews have noted that too. The export option also seems iffy (at least when I tried to e-mail the export, nothing happend). And I found no import! Since I paid for the app I would expect these to be available. Will change stars if resolved. It's dissapointing because this is one of the best habit tracking app, but the lack of sync and export/inport function is a deal breaker. ((UPDATE (March 2015): What happened to the option to switch between the weekly and monthly view?!! It was very useful.)) I tried a number of other apps for habit tracking and this one is the best so far. Very clean and easy to navigate interface, useful statistics and clear feedback on both the streak and the overall trend and percentage. I love the easy way to switch between weekly and monthly view. One suggestion would be to include a colored bar for each habit where the colors are based on the daily success and failures. I saw this in one of the better iphone habit apps. I actually used Habit Streak Pro for years and I did see HabitBul earlier, but the bull icon deterred me from trying it because I thought it looked really cheesy. The app behind this cheesy icon is actually the best of the habit trackers I have tried so far. Keep up the good job.	0
Synchronisation is not working. It's dishonest to sell a service that doesn't exist 😬	0
It's not working properly, always fails to Remind, no more reminder notification, this feature suppose to work for free version, if the promise features in free version doesn't work how can I get confident to buy paid version , request team to fix this issue	0
2019/10/24 - revised from 5 to 1 star. App is dead. All my data gone. Never again trust an app you cannot export and organize your data, and to a universal format. Avoid as others said recently.	0
I'm using the app for about a week. So far so wonderful :)	1
It is perfect.	1
Simple and amazing app.	1
Very good 😃	1
Really good app, it actually helps me stay focused and on track with all the positive habits i have created for myself.	1
Wonder full app	1
I love how simple this is! It's helped me focus on those important things that I want to accomplish. I just wish there was space for more than 5 free habits!!! This means, if you decide to track something else in that space, then you'll lose the data, unless of course you write it down before changing it. This is why it loses a star, in my opinion. It's the best FREE habit tracker I've found! A lot of other apps have free trials, which I don't even bother with.	1
At first seemed like a habit on w habit, but now it is a part of my habits. I find it indispensable today.	1
Yes its nice	1
Great app!	1
Sweet and Simple	1
Simple and useful. You're allowed to track 5 habits for free. Upgrade for up to 100 habits. Best feature is that you can track a habit in terms of counts i.e. 3 times a week (any day), instead of every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Quite a rare feature for most habit trackers.	1
It's easy to use and there is suggestion on how to use it efficiently	1
Very good	1
Good application, To keep a watch on habit and becomming sucessful. In my opnion if you are sucessful for 90 days habit is created. I am usuing again to review and creat habit.	1
Great and useful App!!	1
It's amazing. Very useful. I m happy to use it	1
Simple & easy & exactly what I was looking for.	1
Easy to use and exactly what I was looking for in a goal tracker.	1
It's soooo good. ^-^♡	1
I tried to get back into meditating, and exercise/drinking enough water, etc. but I couldn't fully commit to it all until I downloaded this app again. I'm a perfectionist so I like to keep my habits completion at 100% 😉	1
Awesome app. Been using it to track my sobriety. Its been 3.8 years now. Best thing 5 habits tracking for free. Plus community support of like minded ppl. Great design and quotes and notifications. This and habithub are my favourites. Cheers.	1
Very good	1
মোর বড় বেশি ভালো লেগেছে	1
I use it to track just a few things. Works nicely.	1
Nice app	1
Life Changing!!! I've been using this app for 2 years and it has changed my lifestyle. I actually bought the premium and I didn't regret it at all. I love that it is intuitive, the streak motivates you to keep doing. I love that there are more rewards that comes with the streak. For example, if you reach 30-day marked, you should receive a badge or trophy just to keep us motivated.	1
It's good to help u maintain consistency	1
Cool	1
Great	1
Life changing	1
Hi, Push notifications and reminders are not working. Plz help. My phone is one plus 6T	1
It's good for calendaring your goals and accomplishments as well as seeing others, great app 🙏	1
Very good	1
I've had struggles with discipline and perseverance after lockdown. App helps.	1
Great app guys	1
Perfect app for trying to create good habits	1
I like it... I can keep track of my actions	1
Fantastic software, an edge over others	1
Really good and simple to use and actually is helping me take my vitamins consistently	1
It was great	1
Simply good	1
It motivates you to work	1
The best! I tried 10 habit trackers. Wish it had Edge screen implemented like Habitsooz tracker (it's an app but also has Edge Screen so you can view all habits & check/uncheck them off quickly rather than having to leave current screen, find the app, open it & search for habits. It's there on my screen at all times, just gotta swipe the edge screen handle to see). Edge Screen is on Samsung phones, I'm sure all devs kno it. I can send u screenshots what Habitsooz edge screen looks like jst ask	1
Great !!!	1
Excellent	1
Perfect	1
Pretty good app to track your habits	1
I Keep coming back cuz it's got best balance of simple and versatile	1
Very useful and helpful app. Straighforward and easy to navigate.	1
I'm using the free version. Lets you have up to 5 habits. I like how customizable you can make the habit and what warrants success.	1
Love this app! I track my exercise, which I can track 5 days out of 7 and I also track whether I made good food choices	1
Simple & effective. I've used this a lot over the past few years & found it extremely helpful. Strongly recommend.	1
It pushes me from my comfort zone to do something important	1
User friendly interface. Been using this for quite some time and so far, I like it as a free version. Easy to use and does its job. Like others, I don't really use the chat but I don't mind it at all.	1
Very good.	1
The UI, data, and systems are all great. I only wish there were a one time lifetime subscription.	1
Gets the job done	1
Easy to use and has notification reminders	1
We appreciate your efforts to make this app soo complete and helpful. Thank you.	1
Awesome app.	1
Great app! Easy to use, free version was perfect for my goals but could totally see buying it in the future!	1
Great basic app. Had an annoying reminder that the tracker was running, which made me wary of the permissions used, but seems like that was fixed.	1
Great habit tracker	1
Great app, keep up guys.	1
Great app, very functional!	1
Nice	1
Simple and easy...👍🏻	1
Easy to use and effective	1
Amazing app. It helped me to built winning habits. Changing life ❤ Thank you!	1
Keeps track for ur life	1
Best app to track your lifestyle and build powerful habits.	1
Love this app!	1
Perfect helper	1
A good one	1
Great app but why is the name and logo on Play Store different from the one on your phone?	1
So far so good,I like the different habit option stand out	1
Absolutely love this app! Keeps me accountable and on track 😁	1
Nice	1
Funny sayings that get me motivated	1
Awesome Great app⭐	1
Easy to use.	1
Great app! Works exactly like it says it would.	1
I like it, use every day	1
Helps a data nerd who likes to track progress 😁	1
Enjoying the app. Keeping me accountable. Doing well because I want a good report card lol.	1
This app is simply a wonder! If it were up to me, i'd make it a 'must have' for every phone user.	1
This has been great to remind and motivate me, both with breaking habits and making new ones.	1
Phenomenal experience with the app, so easy to visualize your streak. Best of all, you can do it w/o login into it, so if you are paranoid for security, this is the app for you. With minimal permission on your phone, you can track the new habits you want to install in a very simple fun way.	1
Love this app and use it everyday. Very simple and straight forward.	1
Easy to use. Simple. What I was hoping for.	1
Best habit app I have tried. Clear layout, and I like the option to list habits you would like to focus on in the future.	1
The best I have ever used. The pop up reminders prevent me from skipping a day	1
Simple, clean, what I needed	1
So easy to use.	1
An awesome app	1
Easy to use	1
It's pretty simple and there are discussion boards where other people share their experience on similar experiences.	1
Wonderful app. It helps a lot on trekking my progress and motivates me not to give up	1
Good simple app. Does what it says and doesn't ask anything in return	1
This has been a great experiment...i really like this app. I feel motivated to see the check marks and have feelings of confidence!	1
Really nice tracking app. I really like the number per day function as it also keeps track of the total for the week, month, and overall.	1
I like this app. Would be good if you can implement option that allows miscellaneous days to count towards an activity. E.g perform a task 3 times a week (any non-specific day).	1
Simple yet useful... what a great app	1
Kisses for the developer	1
Good basic no- frills app	1
Super helpful and easy to use!	1
I have some things that I struggle with. This app has helped me to look at patterns and shows me physically what is happening in my life. It's very easy to use and you can track multiple things at once. I recommend giving it a try. .	1
Great for tracking and encouraging habits, good clean layout that lets you see at a glance the info you need.	1
So motivating! Wonderful app	1
Very good	1
I love this is apps.	1
Great app to track all your different kinds of habits and activities.	1
User friendly and highly customizable	1
Loving this app. It keeps me organized and I make myself accountable. Having the widget is definitely a constant reminder.	1
Good:)	1
I got the desired results with this app. Excellent app to create or change our habit.	1
Good tool to track improvements	1
Not overly complicated and fussy! Great app	1
Too Good	1
Grt app. Helps to focus on habits you need to cultivate so no need of time management.	1
Simple, easy to use, really helped set habits!	1
Very helpful app and easy to use!!!	1
Awesome app, really helping me gain consistency with my goals and objectives!	1
Doing all I need, all good.	1
Useful and aesthetically pleasing.	1
Great at Tracking Habits	1
Love this app!!	1
Great and useful	1
Good one	1
So helpful to visualize your habits	1
Very excellent app to have track of our acitivites and to develop a new habit	1
Very good app for keeping records of your habits.	1
Realty good	1
Good app	1
Easy to use and works offline, no complaints	1
Excellent indeed	1
Very good app 👍 it's help me to change my bad habits 🤠	1
So easy and fun!! Highly recommend	1
Wonderful app	1
Thanks for the response! Great product, sorry i didn't fix my rating sooner.	1
Very nice app and easy to use!	1
Very good, just only free for 5 habits, have to pay to unlock habits 6 onwards.	1
It's an awesome app ..if you really want to achieve a habit goal it really helps	1
Perfect habit tracker for me. Simple and straightforward. Love it!	1
Great way of locking in a new habit, in my case regular exercise. Trying to maintain a streak is very motivating and can genuinely change your life. I've lost 8kg (and counting) through the extra motivation that this app has provided.	1
I love this app. Allows me to track how many weeks in a row I can maintain new habits.	1
A really great application. Well worth premium	1
Greate app	1
Did a lot of research, this is the best app for this that I've seen!	1
Just what I needed great app	1
Its very useful to me Thank y very much for making useful this	1
Super (wo) man......😒😒😒😒.... BTW....good app for building new habits😎	1
amazing ! thank you	1
Simple to set up and use.	1
Excellent	1
I hope this app help me on habit building	1
Perfecto	1
Great app to keep your habits on track ❤️	1
User friendly	1
The app reminders no longer work. Edit: they fixed it	1
I love it! It does what it says it will.	1
Very useful for keeping track of things I want to do	1
Good app	1
Excellent app to build habits.	1
Easy to use... I find it really helpful 😉	1
Brilliant. For the first time ever I have managed to exercise outside, do yoga, meditate and eat healthily for a full 8 days. Im on a roll! Thank you Habit Bull.	1
Its a really good app for tracking i really like it	1
Awesome app	1
Solid app, makes tracking habits easy.	1
What a useful app👌🏻😍 love it😍❤️	1
Good	1
The community on this is amazing	1
Its a fine app that we can easily track our habits and manipulate our entire life by starting a new habbit or easily breack down any bad habbits .	1
Brilliant App, it has only got better	1
Easy to use	1
The App helps to build good habits at a comfortable achievable pace	1
Phenomenal app. Simple, effective and higly customizable.	1
Gud	1
I like it	1
Really useful for tracking and no annoying ads	1
Does what it says it will do	1
Awesome app.	1
Keeps me reminded on my streak	1
Very nice app, has everything required for tracking habit. Please introduce option to change unlock pin.	1
My experience with this app has been amazing. For some reason, somehow, it has been the defining factor in instigating many great core habits that have greatly improved my quality of life. I couldn't recommend it enough.	1
Higher app	1
Cool App	1
I paid for it so I could track more habits......love it. Always works good,it's colorful and motivating	1
This app is supperb.....from india.🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳	1
I got a best friend in daily practice	1
Just came here after you becoming sponsor of rewirs channel in utube Well I am thanks full that I got to know about this app by rewirs (that is also a very gud channel)	1
Awesome habit tracker, I like that you can go back in time to track a habit you've already started.	1
Well it works for me. Seem to be keeping up with my habit. Slowly introducing a new habit every 2-4 weeks and building up my habits.	1
Easy to use.	1
Awesome app	1
Great aoo	1
Really easy app to use.	1
A very necessary app. It has changed my life very well. Thanks for creating this app.	1
Awesome app.	1
Latest update makes the widget not working	0
Pay!	0
The app sends too many notifications with annoying sound 😡	0
Spam notifications. When the To Do List app auto updates it changes you settings, for example causing spammy push notifications to pop up after i previously disabled notifications.	0
It shut down after I tried to delete the preset characteristics, and I lost everything right after I had just set everything up. Really frustrating!	0
Between tasks randomly failing without any input and undoing failed tasks creating fake duplicate tasks that cannot be deleted, this app is too buggy to use for its intended purpose.	0
Seems like if I don't want to follow that junk on Instagram, I get - 15 points. Instant uninstall.	0
Not very intuitive	0
It takes forever to download	0
I haven't even opened this app and it's already drained 30 percent of my battery! Wow. Waste of time and space.	0
$50 for a simple app? No thanks.	0
This is a really dumb app.	0
This app automatically downloaded when i did not ask for it. Very intrusive.	0
Novel, but boring	0
Is quite expensive	0
❌=DO NOT USE THIS APP if you need reminder notifications as they DO NOT WORK even with app visable on screen, let alone in the background! ❌=App is pointless as DOES NOT STAY ALIVE IN MEMORY! ❌=Ignore reviews from users who HAVE NOT TESTED THE APP! ❌=You cannot set a notification after task start time so NO WAY TO CONFIRM TASK COMPLETION! ❌=Widget DOES NOT UPDATE! ❌=Dev NOT INTERESTED IN FIXING- complaints still exist since app creation! ❌=Many better apps to use instead- THIS APP DOES NOT WORK!	0
Tested on 4 Android versions and devices: 1• Reminders only work with screen on & app in foreground (app doesn't stay in memory!) 2• Can't rearrange hero screen to move graphs to bottom. 3• Every notification 'Perform' button click= annoying popup to confirm AGAIN- can't be disabled!! 4• Needs option for notification X minutes AFTER task start/end (Users need notification to inform what to start PLUS notification option to confirm it's done (at the task end time.)) Subscibe when fixed!	0
Doesn't work at all - as a developer myself, it's clear they don't know what they're doing. It should have every possible one but doesn't have ANY broadcast receivers or persistant notification to keep it alive from Android oom freeing up memory which explains no-one receiving notifications as seen in other reviews. Even when active, notifications only received upon screen on despite battery optimization execlusion or doze completely disabled with root. 5 stars and will subscripe once fixed.	0
This app will create a "Review my tasks" reminder when you launch it for the first time and by default will set the reminder to "5 hours before". This can mean it will wake you up in the middle of the night with this reminder playing a loud notification sound. It ignores the Do not disturb mode of the phone. It fails to show any visual notification so you will not know why your phone is making sounds in the middle of the night.	0
Too complicated UI design. I just need a mindless tracker	0
UNUSABLE and BADLY DESIGNED due to being full of confirmation POP-UPS and BUGS. EVERYTHING you do or don't do in and out of the app is followed by dozens of POINTLESS pop-ups which causes the app to CONSTANTLY CRASH! e.g. there's no need to confirm notification button presses! Once there's an option to disable all pop-ups, this rating can be updated to 5 stars and all of us can subscribe to premium. Let's see if the developer is interested in fixing and receiving more subscription revenue	0
Too complicated, wanted to use to strategize for my exam but it was to difficult to add a task.	0
I like the app a lot, bit I can not make the notifications sound to work. I have enabled all notifications in setting - both the phone and the app but the only notification I'm getting is in the notification bar? Without the notification sound the app is quite useless.	0
Good app, but does not respect "do not disturb" mode and keeps waking me up every night. EDIT: the issue is fixed, giving the deserved 5 stars. EDIT2: this is not fixed, after all. Somehow this app not only not respects the do not disturb mode, but also manages to send notifications one hour after I fell asleep. Today it sounded around 4 am!!!	0
I just cannot be notified. Please. Fix it. So I could give 5 stars.	0
I love all the recent changes you have made - especially the ability to undo things in the history. Could you please add an option to manually reorder tasks? I would like to put mine in the order that I do them throughout the day, and none of your sorting allows that. Thanks! Update: it's been 22 months since you said you'd make drag and drop sorting an option. I see monthly updates but not the one feature that would make this app user friendly. Don't promise what you won't deliver.	0
Don't offer to send notifications if you won't actually do it. That was the whole reason why I thought this would help me and it didn't. Will be uninstalling.	0
Too much ads appeared out of no where.	0
Key functionalities of the app are hidden behind a subscription of $6.50 per month with the best deal. Simply shameless.	0
Ads too frequent, didn't even finish setting up first days tasks	0
There are more effective, and honest, ways to turn a buck in the Playstore. Crippling your app with a paywall only drives home just how unnecessary the app is.	0
Could be good if basic features like icons weren't locked behind a paid subscription. Update: your calling THEMES an advanced feature because you want to not because it is one.... Sorry but changing the background color to black, which it should be in the first place isn't an advanced feature, it's about one line of code. I'm a software engineer myself and know the difference between the two. Same goes for icons which are essentially to app functionality. Check out Notion for a great example.	0
Crippled version without even a way to purchase outright. EDIT: I'll be clearer. Many apps features are disabled. But there is no way to just buy the app. The only option is some ongoing payment subscription which makes no sense as this app does not provide any ongoing or backend service, it's just an app! and a simple one at that. It's like going to buy a water bottle and going to check out they take your credit card info and charge you the same price every year that you use the bottle. Bottom line, it's just a scummy business practice.	0
Only just discovered there's a bit of a, sub didn't make that clear before sign up no chance its a cheek doing it sneekly you should be ashamed deleted	0
The app is amazing and has the perfect layout for a list RPG . But there's a subscription you have to pay for. Literally completely ruins the purpose of the app.	0
Notifications don't work. It's a shame, because I wanted to buy a subscription. [EDIT] Okay, I already know what's going on. The operating system of my smartphone is MIUI. This app's notifications work when the battery saver mode is turned off. At the same time, in the application settings I have the option: "No restrictions - battery saver doesn't restrict app's activity." Other applications similar to this one (ToDo, habits) work with this option and at the same time enable battery saving.	0
The app doesn't notify me when the task is ready to do. Please fix it or tell me what to do. Only when runs the app tasks work.	0
Rs1050 have been deducted from my account twice for yearly subscription but in the app its showing that i have not purchased any subscription yet	0
It seems the app is not build for longer and more complex use. It looks like it can be used for people that plan to follow and develop their behaviour but the level of this app is of a game. Takes too long for resolving the bugs and no reaction to feedback. App crashes when using the calendar options. This should not happend when using payed version of the app. Waiting for improvement or giving up using and paying for this app.	0
Looks really complicated, and it's entirely prescription based. I felt like I needed to take a class to learn it. There are a lot of apps like this. I'll try another one.	0
Подписка на полгода пропала сразу же после переустановки приложения.	0
I'm sure the dev is well intended. Just no for me. UX is terrible.	0
Super cool if you're a dude and want one of the multitude of dude avatars. If you're a woman, I hope you want to be a nun, a woman holding an umbrella over a puppy, or part of a couple. Not even kidding. Definitely a guy created this app and had an all guy panel of betas.	0
DON'T download. After installation my calendar was FULL of commercials! "You won an iPhone" events with alarms.	0
Tasks don't update their descriptions until you quit and re-open. Can't set more than 7 tasks without paying an absurdly expensive weekly subscription	0
read a negative review which had a reply to someone calling out the subscription, they said all "major" features are available for free. No, no they aren't you can't access the calendar at all it's an entire tab on the bottom of the app it's pretty "major" in my book	0
app crashed after creating a daily task with 2 day habit. would fail and bring up a warning that the task failed and to press OK. however you couldnt tap ok, it just did nothing. this happened every time. gave up and uninstalled the app. on a pixel 2 XL	0
The pop up adverts are so loud ... Terible !	0
Decent app but repeatedly asking me to pay a monthly subscription for a fancy to-do list is completely unacceptable. Take no for an answer.	0
Enough with the pop-up ads! I don't mind if an app has ads, but if I'm going to be interrupted by a 15 second video every 5 seconds while I'm checking off my list I'm deleting your app. And no, I'm not going to subscribe just because you keep popping up the subscription page. If I have to pay to make the app decently usable, you may as well require I pay for it to begin with.	0
very bad experience	0
All right so to be clear, this app is amazing and I'm really happy to see that someone has made their own version of it! Even though it's such a great program, it became unusable at day one. It had bugs and limitations that hindered what I was attempting to accomplish. Problems such as: inaccurate characteristics, no quick access from rewards to inventory, non removable default achievements, inaccurate values on skills after undoing a task and hidden xp multiplier from skills to characteristics.	0
Annoying, obstructive ads. got fed up after one had a fake X button that was designed to trick you into tapping on it.	0
Couldn't figure out how to set reminder times won't do anything other then am	0
kicks me out of the game instantly. Not for me.	0
че то вступительного туториала не достаточно, чтобы понять что делать	0
notification not working	0
Crashes on android 4.4 (miui 9)	0
Buggy! Won't let me edit rewards. No.	0
"Auto-fail only works if you go to each task? That's not auto fail. Makes no 
sense. Might as well go back to Life RPG. that feature was the only reason 
I even tried this. Subscription model ridiculous. Why would I pay a MONTHLY 
fee for some icons? They are helpful icons & necessary mostly, but that's 
just ridiculously expensive for some icons. A one time fee is reasonable. 
Even if it was like $5. I wanted to like this app, but this got in the way."	0
My entire plan was suddenly removed	0
This is worst task game in my life	0
The English used is very poor,  thus, if the developed cannot master simple rules of grammar, why should I trust them with such sensitive subject matter?  Uninstalled!	0
Somehow bought it's own subscription? Then I had trouble cancelling. Was enjoying til it stole my money. I never saw any payment authorization window.	0
Uninstall app that wants sell me every small feature  ✔DONE	0
One of the worst in the genre	0
This app is very, very, very sexist. When you start the app up and go into the "icon" menu for the avatar of your "hero" character, the vast majority of the icons possibile to select are definitively male.   Worse yet is that all of the ones 'intresting' in thier design - or portray something such as the workplace are entirely male.  The few female icons avalible - more than half not even on their own- are showing an entirely narrow view with a subservient feeling in thier portrayal.   The developers of this app should be ashamed of such blatant misogyny.	0
I click undo but retain the XP. No real theme or this app, very bland. Needs character	0
By far the most in-depth app of this style. Tried Habitica and others and they were so underdeveloped in comparison in my opinion.	1
This app is very customizable, which I definitely wanted in an RPG style To Do list. However, it does come at a cost, since getting everything set up how you'd like takes much longer than similar apps. Personally I think the trade is worth it (hence my rating), but be aware that if you're looking for something more simple, this probably isnt the app for you. If you want to really determine exactly how you want things to work, pick this one over the others!	1
It would be nice to have the ability to set an xp/coins decay until a particular task is completed. Also, would be nice to be able to more easily schedule an existing infinite repitition task for a particular time (rather than editing its time and resetting it, or duplicating it). Also, maybe add search ability for filtering icons (as there are so many).	1
The most fully-featured task tracking app I've seen. A little daunting at first, I recommend ignoring a lot of the xp sliders and special options until you are used to the general mechanics. Once you realize you can ignore or tweak any mechanics you dislike, it's value shines through. There's enough options in the mechanics that you can use what systems you like and ignore the rest.	1
Great software for those who want to succeed I have been using this software for a year and I am completely satisfied with it Install it right now	1
Perfect. I serched to many apps like this but finally i find you. Best app for upgrade your life. U are my hero and i am a premium User now. Thank you dear Dev. ♡	1
Really helps me to keep motivated to keep my workouts or chores. And its so easy to use	1
Best app	1
Good app... Relatively easy, with out being too simplistic... Rpg aspects are engaging but not excessively time consuming! Calendar is 'paid access', which is a little annoying, but certainly understandable... Popup ads are mostly brief (as should be), and far enough between, they are acceptable enough... All in all, best 'RPG ToDo list' I've tried...!	1
wow! I've only had this for a few hours, but I love all the features, and I think this is going to be super helpful. amazing app, I will definitely be upgrading to pro at some point	1
Been using it for a few days now, has really helped me focus on and organize tasks, even simple ones like making the bed or brushing my dog, things I always skip at least a couple times a week. Don't even really feel the need to get the pro version because of how useful the free one is.	1
You have to spend some time setting up everything such that it fits your goals and your personality etc. ., but it's worth the effort	1
Just what I was looking for. Simple, logic, no unnecessary filling functions. Great design.	1
Awesome reminder app. This one actually motivates you to complete tasks because it shows you your progress and the ui is easy to use. It's very customizable, from being able to choose the icon of a task to allowing you to create an unlimited number of tasks. The free version also allows the use of almost all of its features and doesn't hinder you in any way. I'm considering getting a subscription, but mostly because I want to support the creators of the app that has improved my daily life.	1
Love it, the game element to it really gives me motivation to complete my tasks. I can create loads of tasks and give myself rewards to work todays. Really cool 🙌	1
This has been the most straight forward gamify your life app. I love that it lets you add your own skills and have a task increase or decrease a skill. I also like that it allows you add your own pictures for each different level that you advance as you fulfill your taks Improvements needed would be to explain the metrics, percentages and other customization that is not entirely clear how to use	1
I love this app. Life is like a game for me and this application helps to improve myself in a fun way.	1
Love the app and the fact the devs listen and add new updates all the time	1
I just started the app a few days ago and I really like it. I told my kids it would have been nice to have this when they were young. The fight for chores might have been a little less of a struggle.	1
Great so far	1
So far, it's a great way to keep track of daily tasks and stay motivated on self-care	1
Great app! It helped me get my life together.	1
This app has been life changing. Its perfect for people who are Strategic and motivated by growing as a person.	1
Love it, incredibly useful and I feel like a superhero growing in a gamification style system that tracks my lifestyle and productivity... Great product. The only thing I need is an online opportunity, it is hard to use the interface exclusively on the phone because it is such an interactive interface, this would really expand on the product usage, I can't pull my phone out at work, but could open a website.	1
Excelente app e com possobilidades infinitas se você for criativo	1
Absolutely love it! This is by far the greatest app for gamification, i use this app to implement new and creative ideas in Notion. I wonder if the developers know about notion and gamification setup in notion. It has been a huge help.	1
Tried 3 top rated (at time), as once a 'pen & paper' Dungeon Master, I found this app to be a nice blend of functionality and fantasy... The interface is user friendly, and sub-screens are nicely inter-connected, easy to navigate. Would benefit from a little more initial guidance, particularly with specific intended use of the various 'percentage settings' and 'groups & sub tasks, but, overall, so far very happy!! Wish calendar wasn't 'paid', but certainly understand! So far, no obnoxious ads...	1
Великолепное приложение. Отзывчивая поддержка. Отличный дизайн. Продуманная и удобная система развития. Очень интересно ставить себе и родным задачи и вознаграждение за них. Рекомендую.	1
I really like this app. I appreciate how much thought has been put into it but it is complicated app. I wish there was a video to understand all features even though the help document is quite thorough.	1
Good	1
挺好用的，挺好玩的，而且还可以同步。	1
It's a great app, just the one that I've been looking for. It's a bit overwhelming at first since I'm still starting with activities i want to write about, but i got to customizing my wants after a week. I hope this app will keep on improving and then I'll subscribe in the future as a support for the developers	1
Edit: This one complaint has been fixed! Its perfect now I really love this app and I use it everyday! The new black and orange theme is really nice to look at! My only feedback is that I wish the color of the widget changed to match the chosen in-app theme because the yellow list kinda sticks out from my background. Other than that the app is perfect! Thank a lot Levor!!	1
I have only spent a day with this app, but I know that I will spend a great deal of time with it in the future. Pros: Highly versatile and fast. This app can be designed to fit any goal and can be tuned to fit any RPG balancing you want. Nearly everything is customizable. It's also fast. From first tap of the app to checking off accomplished tasks it takes just a couple seconds. Cons: Perfecting the customization to the RPG experience you want can take a long time, but it's worth it.	1
This app makes creating new habits more fun, by making it feel like a game.	1
I love using this app for myself to help me prioritize/organize my time for school, homework, and playing. One thing I would love to see in here is an option where you can have multiple characters so a parent can get the app on their phone and make a character for each child so that they can keep track of what their child has done and what rewards they can have, ex: playing games, extra dessert, screen time, etc.	1
Very useful	1
Классное приложение, не все функции доступны в бесплатной версии, но их вполне хватает. Заполнение всех заданий и их вес (опыт, монетки) очень простое и не нудное. Можно поставить себе награды за выполнение дел. Все круто.	1
Lots of control & customization of tasks & rewards. Could benefit from some additional features, but no app has everything. Been using for 2 weeks & it's helping me accomplish important tasks I usually lack motivation to do.	1
It's great for planning out goals of any time frame whether it be short or long term. It's also extremely customizable which I adore a lot.	1
Great app. I would love to buy it for lifetime but the price is too steep for a student in india. Hopefully like Netflix and Spotify etc have done with their prices for india. You can give us some price which will be affordable in our country.	1
Fun way to manage tasks and improve yourself.	1
Such an organized convenient way to keep track of my life	1
They should change the name. Have no idea it would be awesome just from the name.	1
good. yes. me like	1
I honestly love this app. It's a great way to keep track of everything you need to do and it's very versatile, allowing you to customize tasks in a wide variety of ways. Only thing it's missing is a version I can use on my laptop, I might have to get bluestacks running :)	1
Great app. I wish the one time payment wasn't so absurdly expensive, but it's definitely worth using.	1
Don't import its resets evryfing to defult	1
This app has helped me keep on track and get better habits	1
Canny, I've been jogging, cleaned the houseand took the dog for a walk. Recommended.	1
As a lifetime gamer and task lister, this app seems bespoke to me. Thanks for making it!	1
Really motivates	1
Hands down, one of the best apps for productivity, to do, etc.! (Or maybe the best one on the market). Thanks Taras!	1
Hi. I love the app. There's a bug that I want to share. I created a daily task (once a day) but it doesn't go away after completing it from "Today's" task. What do I do? Thank you Edit: Gonna subscribe soon! Can you add sounds when consuming items, please? Thanks!	1
I have only had it for a few days and don't fully understand every feature.. but it is the only to do list app that has so far worked for me. Probably because of it being based on a reward system even if the rewards are only virtual.	1
Great app for goal setting & tracking in a gamified way.	1
I love it! Incredibly customizable. Keeps me on track to do the things I want to do!	1
Wow, this is such an exciting way to try to organise and get motivated to do more of the things i mean to do each day and with my life..i still don't understand a lot of how to make it work but it's great fun finding out and seems to be very customisable to make it fun to build your skills and habits you want to develop in life to get to your aims.. When i get enough money i will definitely buy the app as i think the developer has made a REALLY great way totry2get my life to how i want it to be.	1
Adorei, é perfeito.	1
It's designed as a to-do app with game mechanics on top of it, not the other way around - the simplicity feels like any other Android app, although the interface can take 15 mins to get used to (and then some more).	1
If life is a simulation... Then the only way to win is to take meticulous control of your life. To live it for as long as you can. Think Minecraft of the future. Life is peaceful during day, but night time eventually comes. 2020 is night time. However you can survive it. When things get peaceful again...(whenever it does) prepare further for nighttime. Figure out your stats. Figure out your level and continue to level up more efficiently every time. There's always room for improvement.	1
Very Active App	1
When will this app be added to the Microsoft Store for PC??? Edited: I've noticed that when I perform a execution, it doesn't always leaves from the list of today's executions. Can I fix that by settings or is it a bug?	1
I think it's a pretty straightforward app. It definitely helps when you need to place certain tasks throughout your week as a reminder.	1
Most amazing task organizer. Everything is customizable and easy to understand. Functions perfectly whether you use every detail of the app or just basic task lists. I'm Pavlov-ing myself with the task completion noise and my serotonin levels are through the roof. I've never wanted to give anyone money before but I 100% would buy every add-on, even though I don't need to, because I can do almost everything for free (HOORAY) THANK YOU SO MUCH	1
Amazing! This app has had a really large positive impact on my life (in just a few short months). Would definitely reccommend ^-^	1
It's the best task gamification app I have ever seen Even if you don't need the gamification it's still better than most other to do apps in task organization Edit : if you are capable please add the option of adding files to tasks like some other to do apps	1
Love the app but i have a question. I have a morning routine set up with subtasks. Is there a way to hide the subtasks from my daily task veiw and only have them show under the master task pulldown tab? Also i would love it if i could order my tasks customly without having to assign a time to them. This is by far the best app i have found for setting to do's for yourself. As an adult with adhd I love the fun childish functionality without it looking like a childs game on my phone.	1
Some of it is a little unintuitive, but overall this is an awesome and free app.	1
Encourages me to complete task	1
I love the app and it's customizablity with some notes; repeats are confusing and not easy to work about (for instance repeat times during one day versus general repeats), moving tasks to different days (calendar drag?) , can set specific times on multiple reminders, making routines, changes easy to lose when pressing back, and unable to manually order tasks by preference in list form. Adding stars for great responsiveness and care of creator =D	1
The developer is pure genius. Well execution on customizable gamification app execution. I have bought a subscription as soon as using it for 10 minutes. I would like to make a business inquiry. Is the contact information listed here updated? Do you check your e-mails often? I am looking for a firm communication channel with the developer.	1
Started few days ago, so far it's good	1
This is a great app. I recommend a search bar though for both skills and characteristics	1
RPG bolado	1
This app is just what I needed to make progress on my goals. Contains a whole bunch of features and customisability. It is also easy to use. I only have an Issue with the Task List Widget not updating properly after completing a task.	1
I've been doing this for several days and it's been working wonders	1
Everything is able to be modified. You can gamify whatever you want of your day a day life. It would be nice to sort tasks as you wish, just moving them in the order you want without needing to rename them or other tricks to put them in the order you like. However still being quite good for everything it offers	1
Hi, I just started using this app a few days ago and I'm absolutely blown away. It's kept me on track for a bunch of my activities and the UI is so customisable while being clean. I have a minor suggestion about if progress bars to recurrent activities can be added? Eg. I'm reading a book and have that as a recurring task but I'd like a slide bar to be able to advance my progress daily. Subtasks don't show in the widget as well. This app is still amazing and great work on everything so far!	1
The best app you can find of this kind. It is well built, creative and regularly updated. With this app you don't need any other planning or to-do list apps. It is completely worth buying. I gladly payed full price for this high quality app.	1
Probably the best task managing app out there.	1
This is the best, most customizable, app around. I appreciate the dev for being on top of responding to feedback and such. The app has grown over the years, and it keeps getting better and better with quality of life changes. It's actually spoiled me from installing other similar style apps again simply because I can just make everything to my taste all in one app. It really makes keeping a schedule feel like less of a chore, and for a gamer like me, that's golden. Real life questing is fun!	1
Awesome app overall. It would be great to see some kind of progress functionality inside tasks. For example counter 0-10(or any other number you input) for push-ups / book pages / words learned etc.	1
It's not that bad.	1
This app is brilliant! Clean, simple, and ultimately customizable. I've been wanting something like this for a while!	1
Awesome app The best i've ever used	1
The app is great. There are so many features. Actually, you create your own game. I didn't notice any ad even with a free account. You can donate 1 dollar to support developers with cup of coffee :) Edit: Still love the app. Enjoy your coffee, Taras! ;)	1
Fun. Versatile!	1
Such a good idea. Very generous to help us out for free. Helps me recognize my accomplishments instead of dismissing them and losing track of how much progress I'm making. Would recommend having essential daily tasks pre-scheduled so that they're easy to tick off the list but writing in unique events only AFTER they've been accomplished in order to maintain intrinsic motivation, memory, and your capacity to self-monitor. Use this to record progress, not replace internal self-determination.	1
Only complaint is how often it asks you to rate it. Other than that, the app is even so great IMO that it's work buying the subscription. I love how customizable it is. For sure one of my top 5 favorite apps.	1
I'm having lots of fun. I feel motivated to do more in the day. So far I have had no adds and the free version has everything you could need. I just hope it will work for me long term!	1
It's pretty cool app, very convenient to customer everything. And really immerse into the game which is your life	1
Very good app for complete tracking	1
Great App. Changing my Life	1
Really cute but I'm more into minimalist designs. It works really well tho if the interface seems like ur thing. I like that they have a reward system. I might just get it back just for that bc no other app that I've seen has that.	1
Life is like a video game. The free version: very detailed organization with a clean look, but well worth the time it takes to figure out.	1
Great app. I am trying to find an application like this one for a while. If you are looking for an app that will help you grow, this is the one for you. You have multiple skills to choose from. Also, you can create your own. I love that they had programming, and an Icon of Python to choose. To get the full features you need to purchase the application. However, you don't need to buy or watch annoying adds to use the application	1
Best habbit app	1
Really fun and thorough ^^	1
I need more options of anything	1
BEST TASK APP EVER!!!!	1
Great app, let's you customize pretty much anything you want to create your own system. Only reward app I kept coming back to. Has helped me to create change in my life.	1
i need the application thanks developers :)	1
Very fun app. Lots of customization and a very polished app. Some features are blocked unless you pay(calender and some icons). They aren't needed to enjoy the app though. Can't complain, it works great reminding and motivating me to get stuff done. :)	1
Awesome	1
Exceptional.	1
This app is amazing I'm having fun just setting up that being said an optional progress bar for tasks would be really helpful	1
Excellent app.	1
Perfect!!!	1
Great app. Makes doing hard and annoying tasks more fun.	1
I LOVE this app. I had tried Habit RPG and I liked the generalized idea behind it but wished it was more in depth & video game like, that you could not only lvl up but gain skill points, this is extremely detailed, even has characteristics you can lvl up as well as skills & allows for complete customization in everything. Being a nerd & someone who lacks discipline, I forsee this to be an extremely useful tool to help me stay on task, achieve my goals and feel like I am ACTUALLY lvling up IRL!!!	1
It really feels like I have a tabletop character sheet for myself, and I didn't even know I wanted it until now. The skill and stat customization is incredibly deep. The reward system is great. I highly recommend the premium, if you can afford it. These devs deserve it, and the calendar is a nice bonus on top of all the aesthetic additions.	1
Beautiful and detailed app! There are two features that would make it more useful: 1) a counter to keep track of quantity (example: alcohol drinks); 2) a limit which causes a fail if you go over (example: limit 14 drinks in a week or 2 per day)	1
This is cool, I'm on my first day and just put in all my major daily goals like exercising and reading. You can customize the traits that are rewarded by each activity, as well as penalties for failure. You can even link customizable titles to your level progression (my personal goal: Archwizard of the Order of Ptolemy). Very few features are locked behind the paywall, and everything that is essential is free.	1
awesome	1
very good	1
Excellent way to gamify your personal habits, with many levels of customization so you can set the difficulty levels of tasks as well as the level of self improvement those tasks provide.	1
It's a great app	1
Thanks for this perfect app. How I can use coins? How I can buy with coins??	1
Great idea. Managing yourself like playing game.	1
Fun way to track tasks	1
Nice app very use full	1
Linking tasks to higher level skills & characteristics, and then seeing them increase, is perfect motivation for me.	1
Amazing.	1
It's a really great app I love most that it reminds you about your tasks since I tend to forget a lot especially feeding my pets and watering my plants it's easy and fun to use especially with the reward system I think it would be challenging if the app had personal rewards for say keeping up with your tasks for a large period of time and all but honestly I love the app it's perfect you can personalize it to whatever you want or need	1
Just installed this yesterday. Loved it. Love the concept. Love the design. Too bad the free version can't have access to the calendar 😝 but otherwise, it's a great app. Am gonna give it a go for another few more weeks before deciding to commit to premium.	1
It really really good.	1
Seems to be useful so far.	1
Awesome app to gamify tasks. I've been using it for 3 months and I love many things about it. I won't write them because I can only type 500 characters. BUT I wish it could include "time tracking", like the one from Toggl. Also I strongly wish it could have a desktop version (and IOS). Another thing would be to sincronize with a google calendar, not only the one inside the app (I also think the calendar needs accuracy). Lastly being able to interact with other users and a ranking would be great.	1
The idea is just wow. Well executed.	1
Out of all the RPG themed productivity apps out there, this one has certainly met my needs. To whoever who comes up with the idea and design of this app, you certainly created a miracle for a guy like me! Thank you so much for creating this app, dear developers! P.S. I'll be giving this app a proper review one day, after a few weeks / months of using this! :) Till again, you've certainly created a great future for me, through this app man! 😭	1
Great work mates!	1
Really loving this app! I've used a couple other productivity apps but this is the first one I've really stuck too. Turns out failing tasks and losing points really motivates me. Was wondering if it's possible to get bonus points for completing tasks in succession? Think it would help with habit formation. Otherwise does everything I need it to and really happy with it, great job!	1
Great productivity app to stay organized	1
I really love this app It's fantastic in many ways. I wish I could adjust the overdue settings as tasks are set as overdue too quickly for me :)	1
Amazing	1
Does everything I want it to do and more!	1
Amazing app!! You can literally modify EVERYTHING into the way you prefer! It's a little complex but with only minutes you can understand it's interface and fall in love with it. I love it even more because you can go up levels and it makes really more fun doing your tasks! No ads and almost everything for free. Pretty amazing!	1
I love this app. It has so many features and I love the creator listens to the app's reviews. That's rare, and when it happens, I have to give props to the creator. If there is a feature I would like, it's items that can change your current photo (temporarily). This app is a 10 🌟 app and I highly recommend it	1
I've only had this app for a couple of days but it's already helped me so much! I've tried a LOT of planner-type apps but I never felt motivated to follow through with them. This app allows you to make schedules and tasks, and it has a reward system in place! I've had a hard time focusing with all this online school stuff, but my productivity has shot up due to this app :) definitely worth a try. Thank you devs!	1
Hmm... I like it	1
It has everything you truly need with a degree of complexity, besides it's versatile. Liberty to do many things. Thanks for the app. NO ADDS. Seriously. Congrats	1
Hello, can you please add in your godlike widget transparent theme? I really need in this 🙏	1
I like it! I waited purposely almost 3 weeks in order to give here a true opinion. This application is amazing because it has so many possibilities, like everything is open for you, you can set anything. This is why I recommend to whom wants to use it, to take the time to understand as it works. Read the user guide included in the app so you can set the application to your exact goal. So at the beginning it may not so clear, and maybe there are more friendly use apps, but this one in adjustable	1
This is my first time with a RPG but I love this To Do List.	1
Gufy	1
This app is great. I was using different methods to change myself and they all failed but this RPG style game which I can even customize has proved to be most efficient.I would like the app developer to add some more stuff like new acheivements at different levels and getting access to more functions as we level up.😊(it will make app more interesting instead of getting more and more boring every time)	1
So far loving this app	1
I enjoy this app because I am a task oriented person and I can see how much I have completed and the XP gaming quality to it makes me feel like I m reaching for a goal with immediate gratification not just doing work	1
Very easy to personalise and use 5⭐	1
Very nice	1
Love the app, it's much fun, engaging, and helpful to stay focused on your goals and developing new habits. Much better than competing apps (Habitica comes to mind) even if they have better social integration. Of course one can always add new features and improve design elements, but if you are looking for a task manager look no further. This is the best on the market. Highly engaging and fun to interact with.	1
As a fan of rpg's, and a slacker who needs encouragement to do things besides play video games, I have to say this is the greatest app ever. It's so much fun.	1
I enjoy using this app, it makes habit tracking fun and entertaining..	1
This app is really great. Easy to keep track of all my many activities.	1
Best life rpg app that I could find. Support is very helpful and fast at responding. Everything other app I tried was all about them milking money. But not this one.	1
Great! It's been helping me a lot	1
Es buena para aser mis abitos y mis tareas tiene muchas occiones	1
One of the bests to-do apps.	1
Good apps	1
Fun way to celebrate your accomplishments!	1
I love it the app, but why is so expensive?? Perhaps more cheap, help us to buy it!	1
Life changing app. For someone who loves RPG game so much like me, making myself the avatar in real life helps much to change my own attitude to work and lifestyle. My only comment is to allow description for every hero statuses. And maybe in the future, the icon will look more appealing with colors. Also, for premium members let them be able to have several heroes at once. This will inspire people to work on different aspect of their life more closely. Thank you for makin such an amazing app.	1
Great app. Could suggest rewards that fit the task type, offer actual customer / icon customization, and allow linkage of tasks to overarching goals that have separate rewards attached. Other than that - best app like this I can find - a lot of great features.	1
Been using the app for a couple of weeks and have lost 4lbs already. Took a bit of setting up with the tasks and rewards but it is very customisable. Gamifying my life might be just the thing I need to get into better habits and lose some weight!	1
This is an amazing app. You're able to customize almost everything to what you want. There are some things I'd love to see added, though. Some way to have an item reward you with money would be nice, and being able to have a task directly award you with an item, too. Developer(s), if you see this you have done an amazing job, I'll be getting the in app subscription soon to support you.	1
Great app which has everything I need! It's not very easy at first, but the result it gives is worth the effort. I like that you can see your characteristics in a diagram and how customizable everything is. Thank you!	1
Best motivational game style to do list app I've tried. Subscription cost is very reasonable and the free version is great too. Definitely recommend!	1
Amazing app!	1
Let's me focus on working out and ect the rewards are good from me going to the scale I lost more than 50 pounds good for activities and exercise I hope you enjoy it as well because I have a reason to give it a five star rating I have set the reward to make me improve better and make it all a more of a challenge thank you creators for giving me this inspiration to do better and be more healthy I will continue using this app for the rest of my life - enjoyable of this app , mogginz	1
This app makes me so much more productive	1
Great app	1
It's a really great app. Although it would be better if you could use costom icons for tasks and rewards and it would be better if the app didn't blur low quality pictures (as I like to use pixelated pictures). I also love the fact that this app works offline. Thank you for the great work 👍	1
Estive procurando por um aplicativo como esse.	1
Very neat	1
Overall very good. U can edit the skills and characteristics u want and edit the rewards as well. I just want to suggest: can u add a feature where we could interact with other users or create a group according to the skills and characteristics that we have. In that way, we can also get rewards for our grp and loose our stamina/ health if we wont be able to do task. These will trigger us more to participate. :) ill purchase the calendar soon if school will be back. Thanks!	1
First of all it's an excellent app. I like the fact that it is highly customizable. However, I'd like to make a suggestion. Your app lacks the "emotional" aspect a bit. I suggest to add support of small custom avatar-like images to the tasks instead of monotone colored icons. This way a task will associate with something positive/inspirational. Pressing on a task could then show a larger version of the image in the task view screen. Do not understimate the power of visual associations.	1
C'est la meilleure application pour vaincre la procrastination	1
In a weird way its cool to level up doing mundane tasks.	1
great app for a to-do list with a hint of gamer mentality	1
Very nice. Takes effort to customize, but can be a useful tool.	1
Great App! I paid for the pro version. I like the customice options to create character traits and unique skills. Pls upload a yoga and a meditation icon :)	1
Why nobody said about the app missing a FAIL TASK button?·It's been so hard and time consuming to just fail some tasks. It's the best app from this category, besides this minor flaw.	1
I actually want to complete tasks and see how much I can level up each day! I love it! Its a game now, not a chore :D	1
Very good so far.	1
Дякую	1
This app is so cool! It's geared towards complete configuration from the user, so give your goals the time they deserve and map it out. Once you get through learning the app, it will be an awesome tool for your future development!	1
Good	1
Although I ended up settling on a different tracking method, this app is nice. It offers tons of customization options. (Edit): What personally ended up working for me, unexpectedly, was just a low-tech checklist, lol. Still, praises to this app's design options :)	1
I'm a gamer and dislike doing chores. This gives incentive	1
I have had zero motivation to do anything lately with the whole Cortana thing going on but this really helps me get things done	1
A frightfully creative and entertaining way getting your tasks done! 👍🏽	1
If you see this Taras or other developers, I believe your app would benefit immensely and more people will download it if you were to implement an online feature or a way to access on any device such as a computer. If you would upload a website with this apps interface and sync to the cloud, more people would be able to access it, meaning more profit which would mean more great reviews, etc. If you were to add this feature like Habitica has, I, and more people, will likely buy the subscription.	1
Good	1
Best gamify your todolist + productivity app, really recommend it to everyone	1
Рекомендую.Отличное приложение, я вернулся и снова сразу подписался. Реквест:из-за большого количества опций и настроек часто тратишь много времени на заполнения всей инфы о задачах.Я бы очень хотел увидеть возможность добавления стандартных параметров для пользовательских групп задач.К примеру: у меня есть To Do лист и скажем Книги. Хотелось бы чтобы при добавлении задач на прямую в группу(+) подтягивалась иконка с цветом, длительность, повторение, и др параметры.И побольше иконок для платной	1
Ok	1
Wonderful app. Thank you developer. Please keep update.	1
Amazing system, some what hard to balance custom goals without someone else's help. But fun and helpfully none the less .	1
Aww man glad I found this!!! Love rpg games and this is a great incentive to get stuff done, just wish the full version wasn't almost 60 bucks or a subscription fee... Lil much for a reminder app	1
No end of task/ habit days. So useless	0
doesn't worth its price, there are better alternatives for cheaper prices. many crucial features are not there yet, like synchronization; and they're not developing anything anymore. btw, i also can't believe that there are still softwares that use sunday as a first day of the week. in which century you are living in guys?	0
If you give 10 habits creating system in free version.it will be better.but you should not give under 10 habits system in this app .lest useless app maybe.so,be careful it. and tasks priority shorting system, and priority show on task or habits screen have to add .then,it will be better app.	0
Worst routine app I ever seen . Literly worst and really a bad app. I set a reminder for a day to go to market but it doesnot remind me , I always check my phone when any of notification appears but I set alarm for a task it doesnot give me any notification and wasnot rings any of alarm. Please donot downloaded this it was really a worst app. If, you download it you just waist your time and data . Worst app .	0
Its ok Missing so many features Not user friendly Realized that after got the paid version	0
Very Worst App........😠😠😠😠	0
Este é um ótimo aplicativo, eu melhorei muito e mudei meus hábitos também, eu realmente gosto desse App.. Obrigado	0
Worst app	0
limits habits to like 6 or whatever unless you pay, useless	0
only 7 free habits	0
This what is really useful to me. It is useful to manage my time it is the good app for time management I prefer download this app and and use	0
It's the worst app ever, doesn't give any reminder doesn't work ..... Just a waste of time!!!!! 👎👎👎👎	0
This app is a scam it does not work at all nothing is real here from the first day I used it it refused to work at all	0
The have a limit on how much habits you can add for free. Going to u install	0
Bad app	0
no notification showing	0
Really? Dark mode behind a pay wall?	0
I have autism and downloaded this app to help mange my tasks and routine, but after trying to work it out for 10 to 20 minutes, I've decided it's not for me. I couldn't set a very simple habit of brushing my teeth twice a day, or a reminder to stretch twice a week on certain days of the week. Not as straight forward to use or set up as it seemed.	0
It is a super app. I wouldn't forget my activity	0
Not sure why but it doesnt seem to alert you or at least does intermittently after its first alert. For example I had a habit to check a website every day at 11:00 to check for updates, it worked the first time however I get no other updates thereafter. Not much ise if theres no consistency.	0
It never alerts me, only gives notifications when you open the app	0
It was confusing	0
No reminders	0
If you want to use dark mode, you'll have to but "premium". I understand the need to make money off your app, but thats just scummy.	0
I got the premium version The main drawbacks of this app are: 1- I cannot customize the categories 2- If I do a task earlier, it still alarming on scheduled alarming time 3- removing done tasks is not available Just moved to the bottom	0
Costs money to make pixels darker	0
Terrible can't control whether things repeat it not and a study task is automatically a habit? Stupidly paid for the premium upfront. Agree with others that idk where 4.6 came from.	0
It doesn't remind me. I even forgot I still had it on my phone.	0
Alarms or notifications don't work unless you open the app, then it floods all the notifications for the tasks as i open the app. Defeats the purpose of the app. Tedious round-about way to delete a Habit compared to deleting a Task. Not sure how this app got a 4.6 rating.	0
Zero integration with any calendar so literally worthless!!	0
Don't receive any notifications, alarms	0
You have to pay for the dark mode? Really? It doesn't mattee how helpful this app could be for my life if it damages my eyes a lot more just because I can't afford to go premium and buy the amazing "dark mode". At least those whole 2 seconds of interacting with the app were fun.	0
Limited Habits	0
It's says Error when copying data when I tried to export data. Can you please mail me the solution again Please	0
Absolutely hated it it was just weird	0
Its not working properly	0
Too expensive.	0
Not advisable to anyone.	0
Couldn't edit any habit in this apps can't add pages, episodes, and liters bec they're not available in the edit menu.. The only way to edit a habit is to delete it.	0
App has too many error to count.	0
this helped to fix my life	1
It's good.when I install it.I have many plans every day. Thanks for your program.🌹🌹🌹	1
A really nice and amazing app. Lots of flexibility even in the free version. Love it so far.	1
Very nice app I downloaded many app but it is the best app I love this app thanks for this app 👍😄👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 I love this app	1
Almost perfect. There's only one feature I'd like it to have that it doesn't: modify start of the week. To Europeans it makes absolutely no sense to start the week on a Sunday, which throws off my quantifications. I bought premium, but will update my review if this is added. Edit : it worked, thanks!	1
Actually we need two type of tools one for long term growth 'Good Habits' and short term ' to do list' this aap fullfil both the purpose	1
Nice app. I Love it	1
I love this app so much. 5 starts definitely. I just got the app and I love it. But there is only one thing I really want a different background on the app. But for that I need premium I don't think that's fare. But 5 stars love it!	1
I love this App. This app is just right for me.	1
Perfect for my needs of tracking goals	1
Absolutely love this app it is so simple to use and it will remind you of everything ! I would recommend this app to anyone	1
great app	1
Helps to create new habit love it	1
Good app, this guys are cool	1
Litt it helps a lot	1
Easy to use and organize yourself. I love the habit feature to help you train yourself into healthy habits.	1
Best app keep it up 👍👍	1
One of my biggest problem I was not so persistent and regular. Also I always tend to forget task. Habit tracking, task tracking and reminder helped me. It's like, a part of myself changed that day when I decided to install it. It's worth purchasing premium version. I really love the widget on my Home screen. Winners' secret of success is always hidden in their daily routine, so this app is highly recommend from my side. A REQUEST TO DEVELOPER TEAM, PLEASE DON'T STOP OR TURN DOWN THIS APP, EVER.	1
This is the app that i kept from numerous time management apps. All are full of features but not practical. This app serves me clear cut. Habit & Task, simple and most practical 😍 But I can't set the "ending" reminder alarms for a habit, i can only start but we need a alarm that tell us to stop 😒	1
Fantastic! This app is visually appealing, easy to use, and is exceptionally customizable with notifications and reminders. I love the ability to categorize desired habits and set their importance. The only limiting factor is that it seems to be a little more designed for people with a standard work schedule. I've suggested adding a feature that would help for those with a changing work schedule.	1
Super useful and easy to sort out.	1
An awesome app! I strongly recommend you to install it and use! It has banch of advantages including pin!	1
Terrific for reminders and tracking. Enjoying this app.	1
Easy to use, works great..i downloaded it yesterday , pretty much what I was looking for..which was more a keep my schedule, track my schedule..remind me to drink water, you can add to do things..but i do have a separate app for daily, weekly, months GOALS..but on this app I remind myself to look at it lol.	1
Best app	1
This app really helped me organize my life!	1
life changing app	1
I rarely pay for anything on mobile because I don't trust most of them to be consistantly good but this one is different, after starting with the trial I found it was good enough to be worth the risk and I have not been dissapointed, it is a very useful and easy to use app and the devs are really responsive and on top of things as well.	1
Excellent interface. Easy to use.	1
The best App for building habits anyone can have for free is this, loved your efforts to think what is needed to the customers, highly recommend this to anyone who wanna stay motivated.	1
Best	1
This is the best app I am being used I will never change it I started to use 1 year ago and I did not complain of anything	1
Great app for making new Habits	1
I did not get any app like this 😃	1
I was not able to change the am and pm settings. It is really helpful app try it.. thank you very much	1
So good app	1
Great app! Instantly bought premium! Would it be possible to scale the widget (or make a new one) that's fits a small 1x1 size? I replaced my previous habit tracker with this app and I really miss that feature! I'm sure it will help others too! Keep up the good work!	1
I struggle with starting any new habits. This was instrumental in even beginning a new habit. Super easy to set up. I get reminders. There's nightly accountability to check off the daily habits. I purchased the premium as I decided I wanted more than 7 new habits!	1
Excellent... Lovely and really helpfull! Thanks!	1
It is an amazing app and very easy to use it sends me notifications so I can keep my progress every single time I look at the app it motivates me to complete all tasks and habits Trust me you will love ticking those boxes after a task is done amazing satisfaction definitely would recommend	1
Love it. Customizable so you can track progress or just be reminded to do something.	1
Exactly what I was looking for. An app that I can quickly open, hit the + button and jot down a task that's on my mind. And can add a reminder for that bill that's due next week. I tried Evernote and it's was too complicated. This is exactly what I need. Thank you.	1
Good	1
Perfect for establishing a daily routine!	1
I adore this app	1
Pleaseee add more categories like hobbies and self development	1
My favorite part: I can leave memos for any day on any habit. Incredibly useful addition!	1
This amazing app has really helped me get myself onto the right path. Thank you to the entire team.	1
It is an incredible app 🐱	1
Very nice, easy to use	1
I wish I found this app sooner ... I am in love with it . It very practical and it user friendly thank you !!	1
Great app for accountability and enforcing habits	1
very nice app for habit reminder u	1
Simple and easy to use!	1
Easy to use and a nice clean interface. I like the notification options and the data reports that you can see I'd give it 6 stars if I could	1
Luis《《《《☆☆☆	1
Giving 5 star becoz its ad free	1
Very easy app to use. I also use a hardcopy calendar. This app saves me from having to transfer tasks to next day automatically until completed. I would love to view just the tasks or just the habits in addition to current view. I just got this app & liked it so much that I bought it. It helps me "chunk down" my tasks so they don't overwhelm me. Also loves that it includes habits. A nice combo. I love the way it looks. Great job!	1
Everybody need this app	1
Love it... It is so helpful... Everything I thought it would be and more 😃	1
this is a good app for me i love thousandage this app help all day energic	1
Increíble app!!	1
I really like this app, the layout, and ease of use. It's the only habit tracker I find myself using and looking forward to utilizing. Great features and interface. It has everything I expect from an app of its kind to help keep me accountable. Also, the app is well maintained with timely updates and improvements. SideNote: The Developer made good on adding that frequencies change feature. Thanks Developers. .👍🏼	1
It's good apps. You can manage yourself	1
It will better to give 10 stars amazing app . Thank tou habit now	1
Love this app I use it to list my house chores, medication schedule, study chapters, and endless other habits and tasks!	1
pretty good	1
Great tool! Easy to setup	1
Simple to set up, looks good, works well	1
It is the best app guys don't think just go for it....😘	1
it is wonderful apps amazing!	1
This is the best habit app I have used so far and I've tried out several!	1
This app is the best app I ever seen. Super. I appreciate whoever created this app	1
Keeps me on track	1
Great app	1
Wonderful App to monitor daily routine for improvement (forced as well as manual) Request to author 1. Please add option to add reminder on specific date of every month ( monthly repeating task on specific date) 2. Biometric login 3. UI could be more better 4 add tab for notes keeping (no reminder) 5 add tab for list (no reminder) 6 option to sync Google Calendar	1
The best app to start a new habit or quit a bad one, it includes statistics on how you really performing, which is great. You can also put password for your privacy. In addition to that you can also add tasks your goal date, reminders,.... If you have not yet downloaded it I don't know what you are waiting for😄	1
Works great for my routines	1
Wonderful app to generate good habits and complete the task.	1
Best habit app	1
Awesome	1
Its super helpful.	1
I am very much satisfied with this app. Well structured. Will like to use this app life long. Option for recurring task (unfinished task) seems awesome	1
This app exactly suits my needs. I searched an app that allows me to record unsuccessful attempts rather than just successful ones. This app can also set Alarms as a reminder that have helped me actually do the task which otherwise wouldn't be completed. The analysis of habits suits my needs. Highly recommended. Ultimately, building habits is just finding an app that suits your needs & getting started. Happy that I found one for myself.	1
that's what I was looking for 🥰	1
Enjoy the app!	1
So far, this is working well.	1
Best app	1
(Premium user) Easy to use. Very useful. Thank you HabitNow ! Few suggestions cum requests : A) Please make this app eligible for Google Family library for premium users. B) Show percentage in Charts. C) Charts can be improved, graphs can be added. D) Many features, but still few more can be added. E) Reply to mails earliar.	1
Great, no ads, funtional app	1
I like using the app. But I'm not able to see previous month bar graphs. Is it happening only for me?	1
Nice p	1
I had this on my old phone before it broke and I tried at least 10 other apps similar to this and they never measured up. I would absolutely recommend to anyone who needs to organize theiar thoughts. It's visually good, easy to use and super helpful	1
I really like this app, I purchsed it forever. ❤❤🙏🙏	1
Well organised and... 💾😊and loving it....	1
Amazing app! If you have a habit you need to seriously quit (or start), it will send you reminders on a time you like, multiple times a day! Great app!	1
I love it! Palling of going pro!	1
Great app. 5 stars for sure. What would make it even better from my POV: /- An option to set recurring tasks. e.g I want to pay my bills every month on the 1st, and I want to add a single recurring task. New Habit has the option "How often do you want to do it", but New Task does not. /- An "are you sure" question before deleting or undo option after. /- The option to filter the list of tasks by category. Especially if you also use it for work tasks, like I do	1
Does exactly what it should do. Gives you zero BS. Helped me create purpose and structure during quarantine so that I don't go crazy.	1
Really great app, tried a few and this is certainly the best one I've used.	1
I'm really enjoying this app, but I wish it had the following: more view, color, and size options, analytics on all habits done in the course of a week or month, and better widgets. The text is so small in the widget and the texts for the habits in the app doesn't stand out. Oh and setting rewards for completing habits would be really cool. A "Rewards Earned" section that you check off once you use the reward (like buy yourself an ice cream).	1
This app is great for creating new habits. By time of day, day of week, location, etc. Run 3x per week, Take Blood pressure daily when at home, etc. Works as a task list, but is better as a habit creator.	1
Perfect app, Highly recommend to stay organized 💫	1
I REGULARLY USED THIS APP N IT HELP ME TO TRACK MY HABBIT N ENCOURAGE ME TO BE BETTER N BETTER TASK IS ALWAYS CHALLANGE FOR ME N WITH THE HELP OF THIS APP I COMPLETE MY TASK WITHOUT FORGOTTEN OR TAKE IT SERIOUSLY SO IT CHANGE MY LIFE N SOMEWHAT MY LIFE IS REGULAR WITH THIS APP. THANKS HABITNOW	1
Do we have this app for ios ?	1
Great app helped me with my routine and reminders. Thank you	1
Really useful app..	1
Very Nice Interface. We can track our to dos for the day and Habits that we want to develop. Fair pricing. Less in size so even simple phones can have.	1
Nice but it's really irritating that you can't edit frequency! Or a start date but I could live with that. Unfortunately, when your schedule / circumstances change, you have to create a new habit because you can't change days and frequency! EDIT: Issue fixed, thanks guys!	1
Best way to organize habits .suggest you to download the app!!!😘	1
Best, most versatile free version habit tracker I've tried. I love the whole thing.	1
It's ambitious	1
Its a wonderfull app, helps in keeping a track of your habits and how consistent you are with it. Also you can check your streak of following certain habit, so eventually it strengthens your will power to continue with your habit. Very simple to use. I love this app!	1
Already loved the app.. today i installed and fall in love with it	1
I love this app this is used to track our good and bad habits also we can check our track record for previous month or week.	1
Easy and good to use Very helpful to analyse the habit in detail with statistics which has made this app so useful to everyone	1
Simple, effective and efficient!	1
Very useful app ever i have seen	1
nice	1
This is a great partner for daily activities....	1
Muy excelente Aplicación, enamorado. Sólo le falta que permita hacer backups directamente en Google Drive.	1
Love it. Easy to use. Can customize to whatever you want and set the reminder according to when you want it.	1
The best. I paid for the premium too	1
I have enjoyed this app so much. I need to add more habits to it because it really works!	1
Amazing app Helps you design your life and your day to day activities Do check it out.!	1
Simple,not complicated I love it	1
Best app	1
Verry helpfull😍😍	1
Buy it	1
Awesome app for habit and task tracking. It also has a fair pricing.	1
Exactly what I was looking for, and love how user friendly it is!	1
Great app and purchased premium, but I'm a night owl so can I go back to yesterday and mark something as complete?	1
شكرا جزيلا لكم	1
This app is very useful for students so try it....	1
I love the flexibility and customization of this app. It is also very reliable!	1
The ability to put the widget on your home screen is a game changer. Before, I couldn't hold my streaks past a couple of weeks. I'm now at 2 months with a 90% success rate. Crazy what a constant reminder can do for you.	1
The app is super legit ;) Please make possible to decide the order in which the comments appear under the calendar in the habits section. I have a comment of 8/4/20 followed by a comment of 7/5/20 followed by 8/5/20. Is impossible to have comments organized chronologically. Thanks for the amazing app :D	1
It is so good app I like it so much	1
Seems pretty good so far.	1
A very good app ... It helps me to manage my online classes and daily routine together... 😄😄😄😄	1
Tried many habit tracking apps, this one keeps it simple while maintaining primary functionalities that is expected from a habit tracker. No need for other day planner apps.	1
Really cool app.	1
Super clean, customizable, easy to use scheduling app. You can make it super simple or go in depth with pie charts and bar graphs. I love it, and its helping me start new habits. I love recording things but always give up because it takes too much effort long term. But the scheduled notifications remind me to log daily before I forget! No complaints from me, I highly recommend giving it a try.	1
Amazing app....it's very helpful for me	1
It is great....	1
This is wonderful and it's only $5 (one time) to get the premium version.	1
I love having a fully customizable checklist widget.	1
A very productive app. The only bad thing was that the dark theme was not available for free. Rest everything was fine.	1
I love it for this aap	1
It is easy to follow and I love the reminders! It is super helpful for me!	1
Best habit tracking apps. Clean, easy to use, options of goal tracking besides yes/no, and the ability to make notes. Wish that notes could be toggled by historicity. Can that be done please?	1
Chill and easy. Good for keeping track of my habits	1
This app is very simple and easy 👍. My favorite quality that the app is offering it's users is the one time buy premium that's only 5 bucks!(finally not a monthly one so I can actually buy it) anyway love the app and I like my high importance tasks that I have to finish today... The importance level... Anyway see ya 🙃	1
extremely helpful and easy to use	1
I'm so happy with this app	1
It worked perfectly for me and benefits me with fantastic pleasures!!	1
I've never rated something on Google Play so for this app to get me to give an amazing rating is saying something. This is my favorite routine planning app because it allows you to set habits and routines in an intuitive way. It allows you to view the progress you're making with habits. And it gives you the most functionality without having to pay anything. Other apps give little functionality before you have to pay.	1
Love it! The app I have been looking for	1
Loved it.. easy tracking.. detailed statistics.. Thank you for this ..	1
Premium version is awesome. Must use app to develop self discipline and to track your activities. Good stats window and satisfying UI.	1
Cute and functional little organisation app. Used the free version for a couple of months, liked it, transitioned to Premium - it's a one-off payment for a lifetime subscription, thought it was worth it. Clean design, good system. Here's what I think would make the app even better: 1. Setting a duration for tasks, not just habits. 2. Being able to move untimed tasks up and down the list. 3. More task icons! These are just things I would like ideally - love the app regardless!	1
Love that I can create a habit once, click on everyday and it shows up everyday!! The best part is I have a habit that's has to be done every 15 days and this app allows me to pick how many days between I want this habit to occur!! Best app yet!!!	1
Super duper amazing app .... Exactly what i wanted	1
Exactly what I was looking for. This app really helps me keep track of my habits and it super user friendly. Love it!	1
So nice daily routine app	1
Very Good App..😊👍	1
Good app but its not notifying me in my new phone LG but my old phone it does ring can someone tell me how to fix this problem ? The habitNow team helped me fix the problem it was the feature of battery optimizer on my phone thank you great app!	1
Highly recommended , it's really working well	1
I love this app because it's really useful for planning	1
I love this app! It's everything I needed, I use it to manage everything including taking my medications. Paying for premium was totally worth it especially since it's only a one time fee.	1
Best Habit app. It not only make habits become rontine, it has a task option many do not have. No need for two apps.	1
Love it. The answer of my hope. Thank you HabitNow 🤍	1
It is a very fantastic app and it reminds me to do studies and do my homework...	1
I love this app. It's like my own pocket-PA. I make notes on habits and when I go back to view, they're not in chronological order. They're ordering by the day of the month regardless of what the month is (DD/MM/YY) e.g. 03/07/2020 then 04/03/2020 then 05/06/2020. I'd change it to Y/M/D but can't see how to. I'll give 5 stars anyway because it is a great app despite this minor but annoying glitch. Is there any way to edit the habits, such as to change the days? I can't find a way to do that.	1
Cool	1
Nice application it was really very useful I did my work on time I was so much free time so that's good news I love it I'llI give u guys 5 🌟 stars. I want another to do app it must have talking alarm and please reply me THANKS FOR THE VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY NICE APP bye	1
Супер	1
It is a practical app and easy to use.	1
Best habit app to date! Has every feature were other apps only have limited features. The only habit app you'll ever need.	1
This is an excellent app, it has helped organize my life really well. I only wish I could be able to edit tasks after saving them. Otherwise it comes highly recommended.	1
Perfect app, I like it	1
It works	1
Great option but you must divide your habits in sub-habits to really achieve them. Thanks to developer team. Its a great app.	1
Great app, very easy to use. Calendar view is amazing!	1
Very easy to use 😄😃	1
Everything I needed in one App.	1
Love it , just need to increase habits option	1
It is a really useful app	1
This app is exactly what I was looking for! You can have tasks repeat daily, weekly, monthly, every three days, every Tuesday and Thursday, etc. You can also add one-time tasks that will show up every day on your checklist until you complete it. This has made my daily life so much easier and keeps me from forgetting to do important things. My one suggestion to make the app better would be the ability to drag and drop tasks and habits into a specific order. Besides that, it is GREAT 👍	1
My life seems to be taking a roadless travelled, I love it.	1
Wow this is what i was exactly looking for. Bought premium on the first day. Add many more features in the coming updates	1
Simple to use	1
It's a wonderful app , good for setting reminders but I want 'already made plan' feature . That will be nice. Otherwise it's a nice offline app	1
Peter Pan first born creator of existence	1
Trying to instill better habits in my life. This app has been such a big help, very methodogic and gives me daily reminders to log before I go to bed.	1
Nice app for daily activities...	1
Very good😛👍	1
Love the app only had for 2 days 👍	1
Just what I needed in a habit tracker. Simply amazing. Only request I have is can we have in-built timer for some habits? Like if I want a track a habit of daily reading a book for 30 minutes, I want to see if I am reading for 30 minutes or less. Thanks.	1
It enurages me to hat want to do in order to develop good healthy habits.	1
Requires an MS account.	0
Unable to get notifications. Setting events and not getting notifications, what a waste of time.	0
No calendar view	0
Phone is 6 months old. This app along with Outlook, Office and Teams really drained the battery	0
Doesnt work with non microsoft email address.	0
Very worst as compared to Google calendar. I think Google calendar and your this apps to be put it in the litter bins.	0
i miss wunderlist with comment. and now to do deleted comment function, and now be "silent" apps ...	0
To see the steps for a task, it always requires to open up the task. I want to see all the task with all the steps at a glance. It would be nice if drop-down list of steps is available on tasks (also on the widgets).	0
Slow, less friendly, Wunderlist was far better app, which you bought and killed. I am not liking it and finally uninstalling after tolerating it for 8 months.	0
What more can I say had to change my password cause I forgot and it asks me to change my password again due to questionable activity. Don't want to deal with it anymore its just a darn list who gives a rats behind if someone wants to b view what I'm picking up for dinner they can pick it up for me if they want but not trying to come up with a whole new password so you can make me create another one 10 minutes later.	0
I can't synchronize my to do list with my devices	0
I have to log-in/sign-up to use it... I dont want to make any kind of account.	0
I can't use my old email on my laptop and use a current email on the laptop. The app will not let me use my current email and password.	0
Bad sync, unneeded move from wunderlist, unattractive graphics.	0
In the last update the auto update for lists across multiple devices stopped working.	0
Very pointless.not like notion. You need to really improve on the app.Atleast Google keep is a little better,because you can have side checkboxes& notion can have habit checkers, and more.Please improve on alot of features.SORRY IF I TURNED OUT TO BE DISRESPECTFUL📉😵😨😥	0
Dud	0
Garbage! Takes a simple concept and turns in to a spam generator.	0
After a few weeks, the android app has stopped syncing with the windows app. Useless.	0
Didn't have a good experience sorry	0
Missing lots of features, Predefined reminder dates/times suggestion must be editable!!	0
Don't know why but this app just doesn't work. Tried adding a task just 5 minutes from current time and it doesn't work. Well only some times it does(work). Totally disappointed with this, being from Microsoft my expectations were high.	0
Stupid app keeps kicking me out of my account.	0
No notification. When I will the app then it will remind me	0
It's just opening pages forever out lighting images why!	0
Not syncing properly with Office online	0
the widgets don't update, only if i delete them every day and put them back, but in your case they don't update by themselves	0
Worked good but then it just kicked me out of the app	0
Worst.	0
It is not giving me a reminder as a notification on my notification bar it is also not giving me any notification in the form of sound or vibration	0
Sharing does not work in ANY way. For basic ToDo its OK, Sharing its Absolute TRASH. If you share a list with somebody and that somebody addicts and item or creates an item you don't see any changes. The person that you share a list with only sees an initial review of your list however no changes are propagated between the owner and sharing destination. And what is even worse is if the sharing destination user updates any tasks that task disappear from The To Do List. that means items disappear	0
Wunderlist was a wonderful piece of software that initially continued to work well after being acquired by Microsoft. The conversion to ToDo was ok (some lost features, but initially seemed ok). The Android and desktop app no longer consistently sync. And lately, the app consistently loses my repeating tasks (they simply disappear upon completion), completed recurring tasks still display on My Day, and recurring tasks also lately weirdly create duplicate tasks when repeating. ToDo isn't even close to Wunderlist, unfortunately, so time to move on.	0
Wunderlist was a great app and never failed our family. Now that MS has taken over, it's riddled with bugs, lists don't sync, lists can't be shared, etc. Such a shame, this used to be one of my most important apps.	0
I like to keep my calendar simple. For me I color code my appts, I don't need time slots. I'd love to find a better app than this one.	0
1 star for not letting me to try the app without signing in.	0
Decided to STOP using it. As I have to add lists MANUALLY to "My Day" page. Every planned tasks doesn't AUTOMATICALLY listed on my day page. Every other apps doesn't need to do that time wasting thing of manually adding the lists.	0
Can't print after last update	0
Does not work nice interface but faulty doesn't work	0
Tried to log in, put my email and psw and only shows loading, i've waited 5 minutes in this screen and nothing happens.	0
I loved when first saw it....but the problems it has is very bad. It does not properly sync. I wrote down many things and then opened in my laptop, nothing was there although I clicked sync and connected to internet properly. Still the tasks were not synced to my laptop. Also another disappointing thing is that the remainder doesn't make any sound. It just pops up silently and unnoticeably in the notification bar, so totally useless.	0
Sync don't work. Can't invite directly and ... Every programmer in this world can do better than this. Wunderlist was a great app I'm very sorry for what happened to it	0
Login taking so much time	0
Garbage	0
No dark mode for widget	0
Whenever tried to login, it says their is some problem try after sometime. Advise do not waste ur date on this app...	0
Not ready for prime time	0
Would have given this app 5 stars but for 3 issues. 1. The "Notes" icon keeps appearing next to reminders. 2. The tasks do not appear in order of time, but alphabetically. This is really annoying. 3. The tasks do not appear on the calender, which is also really annoying.	0
The daily reminder for any task only works if the task is tapped "completed" either through notification (completed/snooze) or through App even if the task is actually not completed . If you swipe the notification without tapping on "completed", the daily reminder stops. This is funny. The "daily reminder" should continue daily whether the task for a particular day is completed or not completed.	0
I hate that "Note" symbol showing up on tasks even I didn't put any notes and that makes me go crazy because I have to open each and every task to see that I have put notes. It worked fine when I downloaded it. Please fix it. It really annoying.	0
The perfect sample of how a well working app (Wunderlist) was totally spoiled. When a group list is created, it does not sync the list between users, so it does not work for group lists. When problem was reported to support I received an automated response by someone who doesn't understand English and was trying to convince me that I don't have a problem, rather then trying to help.	0
This is the only Microsoft app with no support for proper status bar and navigation bar colouring and transparency, the devs working on this app are lazy af. And what's with that sad attempt at a widget, it's hideous.	0
Granted, I just downloaded the app, but I have yet to find anything useful about it. Copy/pasting in and then reorganizing a basic task list took me about a half hour (seriously? No drag and drop?) and I haven't been able to figure out how to share a task list with someone else. If I can't share the task list, why is there an "assigned to me" toggle? Instructions on the MS website seem to be referencing a completely different version than the one I have. Utterly useless and frustrating.	0
Almost perfect. If you could make option so tasks tabs can be little smaller, that is more compact, it would be perfect app. It would save screen space, and fit more tabs on screen.	0
All tasks now appear with a "note" icon, even if there is no note there. Completely unreliable with the reminders of repeated tasks: -Sometimes the "remind me at" goes blank for no apparent reason. -Check the task after midnight of its due date and you won't get reminded of this task the next day -The app either forgets "remind me" or "repeat" part after one cycle of task done).	0
Why suggest tomorrow option in widget	0
OK sorry, I am not sure whether you are serious or deliberately misunderstanding me. Wunderlist could share lists with people inside my organisation (i.e. colleagues) or outside my organisation (I.e. family). It seems ToDo can ONLY share lists with people that are within my domain AND have a Microsoft account. Will this ever be changed? Please see the thousands of requests for this feature on many forums. I cannot believe you actually misunderstand this request.	0
I can't create an account	0
Pants	0
Notes sign is in ALL notes. All over the internet. YET. Microsoft NOT fixing. WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO FIX THE BUG? IT HAS BEEN A MONTH THAT WE HAVE BEEN REPORTING THIS.	0
Terrible I'm sure I'm not the only one saying this but I'll add mine. It used to be a great app as wunderlist but is now terrible. I can only assume its intentional to force people elsewhere because there's some money to be made. An added recent quirk is it doubling any hylerlink in the notes whenever you close the keyboard ( a more insane quirk i couldn't dream up). Don't bother.	0
UPDATED: I used to have this rated 4 stars until the most recent update which has issues with website addresses. Now every time you go into a note with a web address it doubles it each time you write anything and exit. PREVIOUS 4 STAR REVIEW: I was an hugh supporter of Listmaster, but they went out of business. This app does even more, except I would like to see some type of an import / export feature using csv files (for file backup).	0
Horrible app, requires a full Microsoft account to use and when you try and log in it'll link every one of MS accounts from history. Ended up deleting everything; To-Do, my MS account etc. Microsoft are truly a terrible company when it comes to accounts, it was in 2000 and it still is 20 years on.	0
Update made it so that every entry has a note attached and doesn't have the ability to actually edit the note on android. Doesn't happen on the PC version of the app.	0
Multiple bugs in the Andriod and windows versions. No one responds to the Uservoice and Helpshift bug posts. Seems like Microsoft has not invested properly in the Dev team	0
It was working great, until a few days later. I opened my phone one day to see if I have any activities to do/submit today, but it says that I have to sign in to my account, but U NEVER SIGNED IT OFF!!! And when I try to sign back in, IT NEVER LETS ME SIGN BACK IN. No matter how much or what I method I try to sign in and recover my account. I AM REALLY DISAPPOINTED. I shouldn't even be giving it one star!! That's how disappointed I am, but since this won't let post my review without a rating...	0
Lowered the score after seeing no highly needed feature updates after 8 months. Had to switch from Wunderlist. To Do -still- lacks functions which make Wunderlist so great. Importing worked well, but sharing previously shared lists required me to make a new 'personal' account - this wasn't an issue before. All is set up now and the app -still- feels limited still. Most of all, why switch? Why not just rename Wunderlist to say 'Microsoft Wunderlist?	0
does not respect privacy, I miss good old days of Wunderlist	0
Everytime ask for log in and says log in server issues ,whereas other apps works best offline and no need of log in	0
Forced on us as wonderlist was stolen	0
Microsoft is trash, they removed the full screen editing option. Now it's just another useless note app I won't use.	0
Would be 5 Stars but does not have option for recurrence. Due dates for more than "today" is not working. There is no shame also in adding nice and convenient Calendar options from Outlook or Microsoft's other software options	0
This app was perfectly fine before Microsoft got its hands on it, I used it for years for pretty much everything, it was perfect! Now I cant share lists with people unless they are in my organization, lists don't sync, or just hang whenever I try to force it to sync, people don't receive my requests within a list. This app is now a complete waste of space on my phone, and after years of wanderlist I am now forced to try find a new app.	0
Not so good	0
I miss wunderlist. It was much better.	0
Very bad	0
Anybody who selected 5 starts CLEARLY did not EVER use Wunderlist. But it is IMPOSSIBLE not to make the comparison consideration for a review. This company plays foul. You buy out an excellent competitor for this app you are pushing and then rather than improve on it you produce something unquestionably inferior. Dastardly deed and regardless of your improvements there are others out there I'll choose. You won't get my support full stop. 1. I can't add a task and have it emailed to the team member. They have to keep checking ToDo all during the day wasting time. 2. We lost the crucial COMMENTS section. This allowed a team member to provide a status update or send a query. This had a date and time stamp which gave a history that helped to determine the pace of work on the task. It allowed the team leader to communicate easily and give feedback. Now we have to go to a different app like email or whatsapp to respond. 3. Can't sort the tasks according to TEAM MEMBER. So I gotta scroll and scroll to find all tasks I gotta talk to a team member about. There's more but out of words	0
MS again acquired and destroyed a good product wunderlist. Use to use wunderlist a lot. Once wunderlist bought by Microsoft, wunderlist user was forced to migrate. There is a sharp decline on how often I use the app now. The widget works poorly. From time to time there are sign-in problem .	0
Sign up and login does not work	0
The stopped working the next day i downloaded it and got signed out and when i tried signing in...it said problem with my account duh	0
Bargin bin Wunderlist. We had and enjoyed Wunderlist for years. Microsoft bought it and we were migrated over with the assurance it was justvas good. Nope. It sucks. Tasks assigned on the same list, due the same day, with the same reminder settings dont show up on a master listv of tasks. On to the next one.	0
Crashes suddenly	0
Good	0
Task completed and ticked, but it didn't disappear when i log in the next time. This made me done the task twice which incurred severe loss to me. This happened for many times and the error are not solved. I do not recommend this to do apps.	0
Bring back Wunderlist you cowardly knaves	0
Edit: originally 3/5 because it is a nice app with one major flaw. Microsoft commented on my original review saying to contact customer service via email I did and they told me to look at one setting but my phone doesn't have that setting. They responded back basically "o well. That's all we got" and said it's my phone's fault. Like really? Piss poor support. Especially considering the app works fine for an extended period but then will stop. Can't be the setting they recommended.	0
The app is useless, took all my tasks and now denied me access ... forcing me to sign create a Microsoft account	0
You are not letting us synchronize with any 3rd-party calendars. It is not easy to add any other people to tasks or checklists, either. Stupid Java and Python. WORTHLESS!!!	0
Won't let me sign in with my Microsoft account. I've clicked create a new one as well and it tells me the domain I'm trying to use is reserved. Like, I know! I was trying to sign in with it. Uninstalling.	0
Brilliant App! Bad for Dyslexia, Irlen Syndrome, Accessibility - WHITE COLOUR IN TASK BOXES. Please remove or give option to change the white colour fill in task boxes. Even if the white task boxes are grey would be better - but ideally option to change colour fill. White background and black text is terrible for Accessibility - Dyslexia, Irlen Syndrome, Eye Strain and Migraines. I'm desperate to use this app and love the coloured page background. But the white task boxes fill the screen!	0
If I edit something in the note then pressed back button it will save without confirmation dialog & will lost those words if it happened by accident!	0
It was a huge thing I lost my data along with my account	0
Why do i need an account for do to list	0
Bring back wunderlist Inconsistencies with being able to assign users to list. Some lists not identifying users who have already been added and are active on the list.	0
Hi Team, How you can make the worst application ever from Microsoft..😆, Great go ahead and make this kind of application only.	0
Terrible.	0
Crashed and burned! Since last update, I have lost my To Do List. Cannot load it. Have lost all my Christmas Present Shopping List!!!!!! The air is blue @#£&_-7*!3?@&=%*+4(' Please return it to how it was????	0
This app keeps constantly writes up to an ssd for no reason by megabytes per sec. Be careful, it's dangerous for your hardware	0
undo option not in app and bin. By mistake delete task folder And it is not recovered now☹️	0
Love how you can set one off reminders and reoccurring tasks. This allows me to combine my daily routine with the tasks I need to do, all in one place. However there is no way to see your daily tasks in chronological order, automatically. The my day section requires you to manually add all tasks (despite any due dates); the today section in planned area sorts each day alphabetically, so you don't know which task is due first or when as doesn't show. Issue in both Android andd windows.	0
Keeps blocking me every time change password.very frustrating	0
Why am I only allowed to be signed into one device at a time and need to go through the process of signing in every single time I try to check it or add something on another device?	0
I've been trying to get start the app but it is not working at all....popping the same temporary problem on screen....is it really a helpful app?	0
Microsoft bought an already mature application, spent 4 years working on it, and this is all they have to show for it??? Perhaps they need more than 2 high school students to support this product. Poor integration with Outlook. Most of the Outlook Tasks fields are not visible in To Do so you can't see the task details when using To Do. To Do task notes (sub tasks) are not synced with Outlook Tasks so you can't see your To Do task details when you are in Outlook. Look elsewhere.	0
Doesn't have comments as wunderlist does	0
What the hell wrong with you!😡how many will you take recover the account?Go to hell!you clumsy!	0
I still feel this app has ruined Wunderlist after using Wunderlist for so many years and this Todo has so many bugs.	0
Why Do I have to sign In again even tho I did not even log out in the first place It is very Inconvenient for a to do list	0
Appalling product	0
Repeat reminders don't show notifications once you've completed it. If you set a weekly reminder to take your trash down to the road, once you get the first notification and complete it, it doesn't notify you the next week. This app is broken, FIX IT!!!!!	0
So boring .	0
I miss wunderlist's aggregated notifications	0
You have to create a Microsoft account to use the app.	0
To hard to sign-in. Make it easier to sign in. I wasn't able to sign in or use the app. Uninstalled.	0
So there are lot of bugs.. If I do not mark reminder as completed then it goes away from the notifications when the date changes.. It's a daily reminder so I don't get notification next day as well untill I open app and mark that reminder as completed	0
Standard above average	0
The app is easy to use and is very effective. I never experienced any technical failure or downtime.	0
Registration is required	0
WHY ISN'T MONDAY THE START OF THE WEEK?	0
It wors fine on my phone but its terrible on my desktop not all my sub information on a tab is showing this is the United States you should not be able to put a product out if it doesn't work properly you think because we're not paying for these apps you can just put anything out .	0
Long time fan and user of wunderlist. Switched to do last year before the app was fully shut down. And been mostly happy until last week when To Do started deleting tasks.	0
Does not sync flagged emails, I can see it online but not on the mobile app	0
Terrible experience with this. My lists transferred from Wunderlist (which never caused me any problems) and now To Do keeps losing my lists so I have to reinstall all the time. Sort it out or I'm using another app	0
Garbage. Find something else if you need to share lists with someone else.	0
Does not synchronise, between devices or users	0
Tasks that i want them to be daily should appear on my day Spontaneously I'm tired of adding them every time	0
Can't get it to make a sound when some one adds a something	0
Doesn't work in miui 12	0
Um lixo. Esses caras da Microsoft extinguiram o Wunderlist, que era mais simples e mais amigável que este lixo e ainda impediram a revenda do Wunderlist para is antigos donos. Desidratando este traste de app. Perdi todas as minhas tarefas na transição. VTNC Microsoft.	0
Не приходят уведомления! Несколько устройств на разных платформах - одна и та же проблема. Сервис просто не работает!	0
Very bad app what i think but this app is wrost	0
Since Cortana is going away on my phone and Invoke speakers, going to move onto another one supported by smart speakers	0
Whatever I do I won't get reminders set by me on this app. I migrated from wanderlist. The import of the data was very smooth but not able to use the basic feature of reminders & notification on my Android phone.	0
Won't sync with my computer despite repeated attempts. I miss Wunderlist	0
Would be great if I could receive notifications. Confirmed I have notification on but still won't receive them, which makes app useless. Do not download until they fix this issue, which is widespread.	0
Why am I being logged out of the application after every one day? It is so annoying now. Even when putting the right the password, message pops up saying "Something wrong with the Microsoft account", any explanation? It is so sad to see a company like Microsoft can't provide a well functional service! Disappointed.	0
Not sure why this is not available to an individual's office account. We pad it just the business or school account did.	0
нет авторизации через google	0
Reminder and snooze notification arrives only when I unlock the phone. Useless	0
Logs me out without notice	0
Works only with a Microsoft account.	0
Why am I not getting any notification? None at all! I even checked the notification settings.	0
You have to use an account.	0
Find good app. Buy good app. Copy some features from it. Ignore all others. New app doesn't do half of what the old app does. Kill the old app to make people use new app. People move to other third party app. 10/10 development strategy, well done Microsoft.	0
cannot use without logging in to microsoft account	0
Widget forces My Day list. My day is frustrating and useless. Wanderlist, both the app AND widget were amazing and you've totally screwed it up. Give us back what actually worked!! Please!!!	0
You should Add time parameter also. Means if I pointed out important work of day but in important work what time I should assign and when to do should also be visible below that work not in the form of symbol but in the form of time and data get arranged according to time.	0
I got this because you cant set voice reminders in cortana anymore. But you cant set them in this app either. Confusing layout and doesn't have the functionality of a personal. assistant. Trash.	0
Not as good as its predecessor Wunderlist, but serviceable. Needs integration with Outlook: flagged messages should appear in Tasks, and dated tasks should appear in Outlook's calendar. Come on guys, this is basic stuff.	0
Doesn't sync with my wife. Essentially as useful as notepad. Wanderlist was a significantly better app.	0
Useless since I can't put exact time for a deadline	0
Needs a lot of improvement. Suggestion or feedback shared is waste as no one replies.	0
Useless	0
Worst reminder app ever, big companies run by dumb people. The app does not remind on time event after putting in the exact time. Dumbest people	0
I'm not able to login since last 3 months. Highly unsatisfied	0
Microsoft killed a great app (Wunderlist) by taking out the core functionality of integrating it with calendars	0
"your favorite features are all in To Do" - blatant lie, To Do doesn't have email notifications like Wunderlist, for example. upd 18/05/20 - and now reminders left (accidentally or intended) overnight are simply disappearing, in the morning you won't see any To Do reminders! I'm really disappointed! upd 19.08.20 - still without any improvements, no email notifications and disappearing notifications after 00:00, I wish I could rate ZERO star	0
Bring back Cortana!	0
This app is fantastic! Except...I cannot manually rearrange my "Important" list. When that is updated, I will come back to leave a 5 star review. Until then, the app will always be lacking.	0
Coming from Wunderlist I really tried to like Microsoft To-do, but it's horrible! The layout is so full and depressing. I hate the whole design: colours, choice of font, amount of space wasted. Wunderlist was so much better. My Day is the most useless thing ever. It's cleared out each day, so don't add anything when you're going to bed and want to plan tomorrow. It's all gone after midnight. Why wake something that worked so well for years and destroy it? Uninstalling this app.	0
How do i only see tasks due for today i see that the "my day" tab has an option to add the days tasks is there a way to make this automatic? Sick of seeing tasks that are not for today but the next day or even weeks in the future just piled together also i have daily repeating tasks that when i complete todays task it gets replaced with tommorrows which makes it really hard to know if i've done todays when they look the exact same except for a tiny "tommorrow" at the bottom of the button helpp	0
Shouldn't need to login	0
Aak	0
You could just migrate the data from Wunderlist and let me just log in with just an approval like how it works in other app migrations. I already used the weird interface on my PC to migrate and now I can't log in from my phone. I have all my data in Wunderlist, and I am forced to use this new nonsense app, and additionally I have to do extra work as if I chose not to use Wunderlist anymore because I found something much better. You could at least take the burden of migration from users.	0
Sync not working Despite of doing a manual sync from settings options, the list are not getting updated. Even though I mark the task completed They are still falling under pending tasks Please fix asap	0
not able to login..say not login with personal account..I have only one microsoft account	0
In general this app works great, but since it switched from Wunderlist to Todo, it now logs out frequently and then the widget will no longer show your lists until you open the whole app again. It happens every few days and across multiple phones. Please fix this	0
You have to pay and install another app (outlook) on another machine (windows only PC) to be able to undelete a list.. Mistakes will be punished!	0
Wunderlist was so much better. I can't find a way to delete the my day and tasks feature. I just want lists.	0
Why do you have to sign in at microsoft account	0
It's OK as a basic to do list if you're not interested in prioritising your tasks for the day. You can set a due date but no time. And you can sort by due date. But there's no way of them sorting them into the order you want to do them in the day. You can set a time on the reminder only. I'll stick to using Ayoa, where I can easily drag each item on my list into the order I want. And much more besides.	0
There's a simple app on playstore named "To do list" and it does what it says. Yours, my god.. It is so terrible. It can't even do a simple task. For eg: few tasks that i have set on repeat doesn't even show automatically in the "My day" tab. I mean why not.	0
Many problems with this app..	0
Need an undo button!	0
i can't use it for a month because email was wrong. that's insane	0
I dont understand the idea of an account. Just give me an offline program	0
Reminders DON'T work.	0
Worst app ever!!! During the import from Wonderlist it removed all of my data. Leave it to MS to screw up a great app.	0
It doesn't run on oneplus 7t Pro	0
Seems alright so far but since there's not a single setting for notifications, easy 1 star. Some lists I'm part of, i don't want or need notifications every single time something is added. Add notification settings for a higher rating. Something that shouldn't even need to be asked for. Not fixed still, plus widget doesn't update with restart. Stays blank on "my day" can't open it	0
Voting 1 star because it's the only way for developers to actually see this bug report: The widget doesn't have the Ding! completion sound. Making it nearly worthless, please fix!	0
I miss wonder list. To Do sucks. It is impossible to get anything entered without wanting to throwmy phone across the room. Dear Microsoft screw yourself.	0
Completely unreliable. I am a tech savy guy and I know my apps. But damn Microsoft's software is degrading. This app just skips certain reminders. I miss events and tasks. It's nice to have everything on my PC as well, but it's unreliable. This is probably the third Micrsoft app I am uninstalling.	0
I dont wanna log in with stupid micro acc	0
Agree with other reviewers - Wunderlist worked much better. Have issues with items not synching between devices, takes a long time to manually synch, uploading attachments to items doesn't seem to work without restarting the app, the Windows pc version is particularly poor. Appears Microsoft have mucked around with the code base and broken a really good app :(	0
It's not Wunderlist. Took a good app and ruined it. Just opened it up (July 2020) no sync. Try later. Huh? Microsoft garbage?	0
Need be online every time start	0
Switched over from wunderlist. This app isn't as smooth to use and last night I put 2 things on my to do list with a reminder at 9:00am. At 10:00am I went into the app and that is when the reminders showed up in my notification bar. Previous reminders have also showed up with 2 hr delays, don't rely on this app solely for important reminders.	0
MS To Do is practically USELESS! Restricting access solely to MS account holders severely limits any ability to coordinate tasks/punch lists with non MS users (ie. customers, collaborators, vendors). It is inconvenient and UNNECESSARY to require the creation of a MS account in order to use an app that was previously available universally (as Wunderlist). This restriction was intentionally added. Who's genius idea was this?	0
Terrible	0
Inferior to wunderlist in every way. Sync works poorly, planned smart list doesn't group by day which is very frustrating, search function is poor.	0
Too bad app not working since the day i started using... The apps again and again saying some prob occurred please check 8n browser.....	0
Not good	0
Sign in not working	0
requires microsoft account. deal breaker.	0
Very unreliable. I have a daily recurring task, it is synced between phone and desktop, but the reminder doesn't fire on either platform.	0
Update: After years and tons of my feedback reports on playstore, MS Feedback and Twitter you still haven't solve the main problem this app has: background sync doesn't work... Are you kidding me? The app has an awesome design but without background reminder sync is simply USELESS (I've got a OnePlus 6 but everything except this app work perfectly, background sync for everything too, so the problem is this useless app) Another awesome and clear from bug work Microsoft, well done!	0
Totally useless - sharing lists does not work.	0
Some reminders get missed and I don't know why, mostly those that must repeat.	0
I like the app, but I have to give it one star now because the notifications stopped working after some recent update (Mi 9, MIUI 12) and the support doesn't answer my questions.	0
Why on earth would you create an app that doesn't link with your calendar??? The To Do app is straightforward on Android app and desktop version. HOWEVER, there's no way to link it to Microsoft 365 Calendar! It's within the same suite of Microsoft 365 and yet, you can't schedule on either one to show up on the other. That's asinine! ! You would think this would be a primary feature, but the Product Manager must be sleep at the wheel. It's mystifying.	0
This helps so much getting things done. It's so satisfying to make stuff off the list. 5 stars can't live without	1
Making my life better, it is good to have a todo list !	1
Nice	1
The "search" feature is much faster than the last app I was using. I feel empowered 👍	1
Would appreciate a more attractive alarm with reminders	1
Runs Good	1
Satisy all of my needs	1
Useful, easy to use. Beautiful design. Sync between PC and mobile device.	1
Good	1
A grate app i use it every day	1
It's very easy to use. This app has made my life so much more organized!	1
This app is so helpful in my day to day life!	1
Thank u for making this app fire five stars to it😜😜🤯	1
Simple to use.	1
Bery guud hahayes!	1
A1	1
Best app	1
Nice app. Improved to do version.	1
I find it very helpful to keep track of my day and keeps me on task.	1
Ok	1
Excellent very helpful a good way to share tasks with somebody we use it to buy groceries for example when we're in Costco one person can find one thing and the other person can find another thing and you check it off and you know it's been found that makes it very fantastic!	1
Система Дорофеев отлично ложится в этот инструмент. Рекомендую!	1
O aplicativo é muito bom porém algumas coisas precisam ser melhoradas. Primeiro, deveria ter um opção que você gravasse uma mensagem de voz registrando a tarefa por via de áudio. Segundo, deveria ter uma opção de tarefa não cumprida, um "x vermelho" que indica que a tarefa não foi cumprida, porque quando eu registro uma tarefa para ser feita diariamente e algum dia eu não a cumpra, não tem a opção de registrá-la como não feita e enquanto eu não colocá-la como feita o app não põe no dia seguinte.	1
Excellent	1
So far, really liking it!	1
Nic	1
Better than google task	1
So far so good...all wonderfully arranged according to my way and my headings...easy to use I only realized now that it shows under a different name with my number...how do I edit this?	1
🥰🥰🥰🥰	1
Very good performance 😊	1
Helpful for my daily activities notes. Thanks a lot.	1
Excellent App! Keeps me organized.	1
This app helps me to be more organised.	1
Great!	1
Customizable and syncs nice across all our devices.	1
Very user frendly and easy to communicate in corporate gruops	1
Disks	1
Awesome application thankyou microsoft	1
Best to do app ever	1
Highly recommended for any one trying to overcome procrastination	1
Wonderful!	1
I love this app	1
Simpan and easy	1
Great	1
Very useful to quickly make a list or have a long one for like a grocery list right on your phone.	1
Best app... pls add function of multiple intraday alarms for any task.	1
Im enjoying the structure of this app.	1
Great app...Unless your spouse controls it. 😁	1
Works	1
Agregar una opción para poner una nota general en una lista de tareas.	1
Just what I needed	1
Wonderful app.	1
I use it as the grocery list for when I shop. Everybody in my family used to wait until I was busy doing something else to tell me about what they needed from the store and they would assume that since "they told me" that I heard them or retained the information which made for a lot of disappointments. So I shared the app with the family so everybody can add to the list as needed for themselves. As far as my family is concerned, it's a life saver (for them 🙂).	1
Best reminder and organizer app	1
Easy to use and does what it says.	1
Simple and useful 👍	1
Good and easy to use	1
Super	1
Multi functional app for daily tasks routine	1
👍🏻🙏🏻👍🏻EXCELLENT AND FREQUENT UPDATES! PLEASE IMPROVE NOTIFICATIONS FOR QUERIES & COMMENTS!!! 🤩😇🤩😇	1
Does everything.	1
That's awesome 🤩💓 easy and fast	1
Awesome app,thank u microsoft	1
Love it 😊	1
Almost as good as wunderlist	1
Finally!!! After looking for several months I found the perfect to-do app that is ****not annoying. Thanks Microsoft	1
Ajterth	1
Good	1
It's amazing I really like it it's so easy and you can use it anytime and it's encourage you to do your work faster and it's so good 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍	1
Good task reminder app. Very intergration with 0365	1
Excellent app for setting up ur daily routine.	1
Great app	1
For me, the best app for organizing your life. But some things should be improved though: 1. You can't set Monday as the first day of the week. 2. Having some of your notes appear both in Planned and Tasks and some in Planned but not in Tasks is bewildering. Besides Planned and Tasks there are two more lists - My Day and Important. Why so many overlapping lists? 3. You can't change fixed time for reminder alarm. For example, "tomorrow" is always at 9 a.m. You can't change that to, say, 10 a.m. 4. You can't set quick alarm. For example you can't type some note and then tap "remind me in half an hour" or in 15 minutes, in two hours etc. There's no such option. 5. You can't insert a photo or voice recording into your reminders. 6. You can't protect your reminders and notes with a password. Anyone can read them.	1
I love it!	1
Excellent app.	1
Works well for me. Several lists.	1
A good app	1
It helps me remember things.	1
Love that my husband and I can share our lists!	1
Beautiful layout and well developed	1
Very good	1
Awesome and multi device sharing.	1
Easy to keep yourself organised and prioritise your todos	1
Absolutely astonishing!	1
Love this app and office 365 in general	1
The new update brings a lot that was desired. Most importantly list sharing with much better approach than wunderlist. But task assigning within the shared list and chat on a particular task is still missing and this is something that still holds me back from fully migrating from Wunderlist.	1
Best of the best	1
Very nice app must try	1
Awesome	1
Myself and my husband find this very useful for things we have to do, home repair, groceries, holiday lists.	1
The best thing to type and remember our list	1
Application is much nice but windows application having much synchronization issues. It would be big improvement if it gets sync across all devices specially windows application.	1
Free	1
Better than other app	1
I've used Microsoft To-Do list for a while now and really enjoyed the seamless experience of having everything sync across. I love how simple it is to add new items and create new lists. The colour, design and layout is perfectly straightforward, having no clutter. Any actions added sync immediately to other devices using Microsoft To-Do list. I just wish actions added to MyDay list would save to each specific day like on a calendar so I can revisit those events.	1
Easy to use and very helpful	1
This added significantly to my recent productivity hights.	1
Nice app.	1
Love it	1
Great app Easiest and most customisable app in playstore	1
Splendid life-work organizing method	1
I'm a student and this app helps me a lot	1
Great app to organise your tasks	1
Just what I was looking for, this works for me.	1
The preview video sold me after 30s. Didn't even watch the last 15s.	1
Love it!	1
Thank you devs for an amazing app! All in one without the unnecessary waste the others provide for a fee. Strongly recommend anyone reading for download confirmation. Don't forget to cancel your subscription to the other waste of money/space.	1
Very good app. I tried other apps before, some were simple and some were sophisticated. This one mixed the simplicity and competence.	1
Great for keeping updated with work tasks, administration or groceries	1
Error: Can't add a step after other with an enter, you ought to go to bottom. // Lacks: Can't search your tasks or, steps, with an option "search" into lists or steps sections.	1
Amazing! Superb!	1
Extremely good for work	1
Love the fact it updates all 3 of my devices	1
Perfect	1
Simple, but effective	1
I absolutely love it love it love it this is a good Microsoft to-do list and you can take it anywhere on the phone now and Markoff anything I love it hope it doesn't change its taste just as good as it is now	1
A 5 star because it's the best ToDo app I've tried...and I've tried a lot. Well thought out and well integrated with Office although it works great as a standalone app. I use it for multiple businesses, projects, personal etc.	1
Excellent app. I use it for groceries lists, work to-do lists, camping lists, saving documents etc etc... fantastic and easy to use...	1
Very useful app.	1
Very good tool for day to day use	1
It will only alarm if you will open the app	1
The best to do app on the market. Very easy to use, very intuitive and logical interface.	1
Feels very intuitive. The steps feature is awesome. I wish that the other tasks can be merged to another task to form as another step. It would be great to group and order random ideas without needing to look for other related tasks. But my love for this app is there. xx	1
I love this app!! My family can add things to grocery list from there phones as we run out! Also, great for when I am in the store as well. We can also monitor when chores are being done!	1
Simply superb!!	1
Best app for planing and to do.. ;]	1
Most useful to do list there is. Wish had more time features so i can short tasks by their deadlines (what hour they finish)	1
Excellent	1
It is excellent for your Info updated.	1
Nice	1
Helps me get things done	1
Is only a good list everything you need	1
Excellent.	1
Great for this making	1
love it	1
Uncomplicated and very useful	1
Nice 👌	1
Great	1
Hands down! Just add more colours or customisation of task colours. Other than that, everything is great!	1
Loved it. It helps me to organize my work. I really recomment the app	1
Nice app	1
The user interface is simple enough, the whole app in general feels light and clean. I highly recommend	1
Great App..	1
Awesome app. Love that I can choose themes too	1
Does what it says and does it well.	1
Works well so far	1
Love this app, would definitely recommend to someone looking for an everyday To do list app, you can even share with family members!	1
Nice app for reminder.	1
Excellent product really helps me keep track of my daily simple tasks without having to use OneNote for much bigger efforts. My particular like the auto sync between phone and laptop via cloud	1
Handy, colorfull, easy to use, good integration with PC, user freindly ...	1
easy and good interface	1
Still trying out but great so far. Integrates great with office 365 outlook and planner.	1
By far the best to do list / task management app. Syncs perfectly with the desktop app as well.	1
Keeps me organized! Great app :)	1
Best list app I have used. It's excellent.	1
Just use it for lists, works well	1
Rat tuyet...ok	1
Good app	1
Best To- Do App Ever. Easy to use. Better customization and all in one To-Do app.	1
Gr8	1
Easy to work with, interactive, great visual tool. The team is connected and we all work for a commun goal.	1
Simple and elegant, great app.	1
חחח	1
Handy to to do app, easy to use.	1
So far the best simple to do list app for android. You can share lists of tasks with others easily, for collaboration.	1
This App is great and it helped me organizing my time. Thank you Microsoft.	1
Best app ever used	1
Luar biasa, membantu dlm penjadualan pertemuan	1
Microsoft always did great. This is the best app to plan your daily life. No ads.❤️. Smooth experience. Awesome UI.	1
I have been using this app since September 2020 and i have got better performance from this app, i love it...... really its helpful for our schedule punctuation	1
Practical	1
Excellent	1
Great convenient app use it for kids chores	1
Easy to use .Nice themes .It is really helpful for a student like me. Thank you Microsoft.😘😘👍👍	1
Really like it. Hope to see even more flexibility in the future, but as it is it is a great, simple, functional app and has been great for organizing our family's move-related tasks.	1
Great app, easy to use!	1
Best and simple	1
Love it! Wish it synched with google tasks	1
It is a best app for anybody I glad to have this app...	1
A must have	1
Very useful.	1
Awesome app! Would be awesome if there was a calender view	1
A good app	1
Loved it so far! Simple, intuitive, just does the work.	1
Works well	1
Simply love it. My laptop has Windows 10 Pro which is why I discovered it. It is an attractive application and easy to use. With the app downloaded on my phone, my to do list is always at my finger tips. I can now throw away my old paper diaries. Highly recommend.	1
Great tool	1
the best app could upy more	1
Good app, really helpfull	1
The best to do list apps I've ever had.	1
must have	1
simple to use, has dark theme and syncs between different electronics. no ads or anything.	1
Nice app	1
Nice in planning	1
Very easy-to-use	1
Very helpful in planning a day	1
Wonderful	1
Exactly the reminders I need to stay productive! Thank you !!!!	1
it is to use. Keeps me from forgetting my tasks	1
Great app	1
Does not support more than only one Outlook calendar. Moreover won't work with I365 calls {inet connection failure} while just added calendar	0
Are there any plans to develop a corresponding watchface in the Samsung app store for Samsung watch devices? UPDATE: ...when? ?	0
कुछ काम का app नही टाइम बर्बाद।	0
Vary bad	0
Dont use this app for real!!!	0
Calander doesn't sync properly even if you add event adds it to different days	0
My calendar events not showing in widget , maybe it doesn't support my phone, this is why I am uninstalling it	0
Sorry, maybe I was a little too harsh. Anyway, this app is kind of confusing for me. Using it is not comfortable for me.	0
Not easy to operate and not good interface, uninstalled already, was expecting much better	0
Doesn't work properly .	0
0 intuitive.useless.app	0
It's not working properly now. The sync was very slow. Overall very bad experience.	0
Confusing as hell.	0
I have been trying to contact the developer, but he is responding me. please, tell me how can I use the app on my other devices.	0
Why the tasks don't reapet every week this is useless!!	0
How to change celceus to farenheight?	0
Bekar	0
Was good. But no longer updating real time...	0
Not so good at all. How to enter stuff and completely useless. Very bad 👎 😕	0
I can't copy past the activities for other days i must write them on every day on the calendar	0
Seems like a good idea, but doesn't actually do anything but waste more time. Completely useless. Can't find calendar events. Each event has to be re-entered manually. Why would anyone want an app that is just MORE WORK? STUPID! HUGE waste of time!	0
Widget doesn't work	0
One feature add your app reminder with music tone	0
Sounds like a wonderful idea for time management, but it won't show half of the things on my calendar and kind of ruins the entire purpose.	0
Couldn't figure out why there was a gray line in addition to the red line showing the hour. Also all day events show as a small sector instead of the entire circle. Looking at a regular calendar is still easier.	0
someone created a time productivity app that takes too much time out of your day to understand it.	0
Scam!! Got my google Calendar scammed!! Please don't install	0
helps me somehow	0
Why is it being linked with my google calendar or phone calendar? I don't want this private app to access my Google calenders and phone calender. Instead you should have just added the feature of adding tasks within the app. I'm deleting this. The UI is great. But I don't want you to link with my private apps.	0
It cannot work by itself and it's not user-friendly	0
Does not pick up the calender events despite setting them	0
Does not detect my device's calendar (device default app) but instead asks me to download a calendar.	0
Need to about to change the Events colors thank you, other setting has the color plate to select, why is the Events that controlling the whloe widget background but only having 16 colors? And it doesn't shows the color that I chosen... they are not the same color, the magenta shows up light purple... not matching with my phone setting... and my widgets, and I hope there has a setting that can one click and the whole app color hue would be the color I like or choose, I don't like blue.	0
Previously good, currently bad. This app takes you straight to Google calendarfor creating an event but once the event has been set, it's on calendar only. It doesn't even show that any event has been set on the app itself. I was using this app as sort of a time table but if I'm not able to see my plans for the day, then what's the use. Pls fix it	0
Bad	0
I bought tgis application once in my infinex and when i turn to my samsong i download it and he said buy it once and for ever ... What is going on people	0
I don't know why this app is hard to understand . I have seen many positive comments and that's why i installed it but this is complicated or may be I want something else which this app doesn't offer.	0
Hard to control make this app easy to control. It's eating my head.	0
I don't really liked it much . Waste of intenet.	0
Not working	0
I unistalled just for the costumer service. I was ready and willing to give the app a shot. But given the cruel, uncaring, and sarcastic responses to others who were unpleased with how the app works I will be uninstalling imediately.	0
google calander doesnt synchronise.	0
This is a waste app. After few days it started to shiw nothing and it says it takes time to sync with the calender but still after 24 hrs they dont sync. Please dont install this app and then expect to be productive.	0
Is there a way to add events directly . I don't want to sync it with calendar.It is very time consuming.	0
Doesn't sync with calendar.	0
The settings don't work well and it's really confusing when it doesn't function at all!!!! 😤	0
Very complex....	0
rly love the design, but way too scattered. (for me)	0
Might be a good app but complicated to use	0
Not the best. Did nor enjoy.	0
include monthly to do list. which helps students to create timetable.	0
I'm sure this would be a great app... if you could actually use it. But it only allows you do add things from another calendar making it useless if you don't have one.	0
Cannot use without existing calendar	0
Not what I thought it was... This only blocks out time for your calendars. I was looking for something that would help with daily routines. 😕. I even tried to use the calendar before giving up... But it refused to sync. So it's useless	0
There should be add different time schedule in app not be in mobile colander	0
Really frustating configuration...	0
Too complicated. It probably has a lot of, but it's not intuitive enough.	0
In this app it is very hard to use	0
Doesnt work on ALL android Wear OS devices. Specifically, doesnt work with the Watch Active2.	0
No es intuitiva	0
Puts all info in default Google calendar.	0
How it SHOULD work is fantastic and perfect for me. But whenever I have my schedule laid out and planned, the app deletes them or forgets them and i have to start over, only to have them deleted again. I really really want to use it. Why does it make it so unable to?	0
dependant on another calendar app. Why? why do I need to have another app to use this app? I can't add plans or schedule without this app throwing the task to Google Calendar. Besides, I don't use G.C anymore since I once missed an event which I put a reminder through the G.C app because it never reminded me. I read one comment for this app that it never gave a reminder for a scheduled task and yes I have an idea why it happened.	0
Uninstalled...Not at all what I thought it was. This entire app is basically just a fancy way to look at the calendars you already have. Everything syncs both ways, so if you add your actually daily schedule minute by minute to this app you are also cluttering up your calendar(s) with the same things. Would've been neat if it actually had some kind of function, but I don't need to waste sd card space on a calendar viewing app.	0
Not sync with Google Calendar	0
This is Demo Only	0
I like this app. It's just that whenever I enter something in my calendar, it would not sink right away.	0
I wanted to like it, iinitially it looked great but it has such a limited window of time view it's no good for planning. A few hours view and that's it. Scrolling hour by hour day by day? Useless. Its sole function appears to be to tell you what you've got coming up in the next few hours which frankly is not much use to anyone as far as I can see. Cloud Cal uses similar circles with a view of the whole month which would be great but sadly the pro version doesn't work so no go there either.	0
Uninstalled as calendar events keep appearing under the wrong date. Disappointing.	0
cool visual but doesn't work the way I thought it would. I don't like organizing my hour-by-hour tasks through my calendar because it clutters it up and makes me miss my important events. I wanted to use this app thinking that it would allow me to plan my dialy tasks just through the app. But every time I want to plan an event it forces me to do it through my calendar which I don't like. good concept, but I don't see a reason to use it since it just wants me to use my calendar anyway.	0
Used to love it, but the latest version broke it. Couldn't get it to work. All widget face buttons would work for a few seconds then break. Tried all settings, didn't work. Fix it and I'll reconsider my rating.	0
Clicking on the widget doesn't open the app anymore :( :(	0
Good on paper, tried it out and off the bat wouldn't sync any news items, wish it had an option to at least input items directly. Either way didnt work	0
Lnot friendly interface	0
It gives the option to add a local calendar but doesn't let you use it unless you also give permission to use a Google or Outlook calendar. Kind of defeats the purpose of doing a local-only calendar if I can't actually use it.	0
does not work properly , does not update wit hcalendar entries , worst thing , cannot aak my money back!!!!!!!	0
It has a lot of functionality bugs. Some of my events were not adding, after restaring the app, other events just disappeared etc. I m really sorry i had to delete it because it looked nice and could be very useful but it s not working. Thanks!	0
Language of the app doesn't change at all places	0
Its really hard to shedule	0
Not felt user friendly	0
V.V.V.V.BAD	0
Instalei de novo e não mudou muito minha ideia. Quero um calendário e não uma ferramenta pra integração com o calendário do Google. tá de sacanagem	0
Inaccurate - always says activity overlaps with another activity when it doesn't.	0
Nothing work, I have my calendar prepared for months, and nothing come inside the Sectograph, Even I added new one, nothing appeared	0
Want to customize colors buy the pro version. Not a chance. Thanks for nothing b	0
24 hour mode is a PRO feature?!	0
Bought the Paid version. The app fails to get data from anything except Gmail. Good concept but lacks in across provider connectivity.	0
I can't synchronized to my calendar.	0
Dude. Don't we all want people to pay us for everything we come up with. XXXXXXX Hi! Thanks for the attentive reply. Though this app was not worth the payment or storage space for me, I did find one that works nicely. Looking forward to more replies, hopefully relevant, or none at all.	0
Purchased the full version which did nothing. Opted for a 24 hour face, again nothing. Tried to add additional events in upcoming days, did not show up at all.	0
After installing the app, i check to see if my reacurring event would show up. And it did that one time. So minutes after i insalled i had to let it go.	0
Most of My Google calendar events doesn't appear in the sectograph app. If i try to delete some events which is appeared, it cannot remove in the app also. I prefer if the app has own calendar so that events that ill creat might able show easier.	0
приложение путает am и pm	0
Only certain Google calendar entries show in the sectograph making this absolutely pointless. A great idea that is flawed in execution.	0
wew	0
Alarm nahi he	0
It's not working :((	0
Deleted app due to not putting things in I was looking forward to using this app I am getting the same issues as sharlyn	0
The idea is great, however it adds only event to my calendar. I like circle planer idea and that I simply can put work and then event at work and that it reflects on this circle. This has potential but make it simple and functional. I was used to test some apps and for me this was not functional and easy going. Make it that 7 years old kid can use it.	0
It's not working unfortunately. At first it was reflecting then when I added more items, it's no longer working. It just keeps adding the data in the calendar but no graph is being created	0
I just bought pro on my tablet 15 minutes ago and then installed Sectograph on my phone and it says I have to buy pro again. What the heck happened with syncing google accounts	0
it wouldnt sync to my Google calendar I had it set up and everything	0
Very nice app. Could be very useful, but unfortunately does not sync. :(	0
Great idea but doesn't show all events for the day; doesn't show events in designated colours (all look the same); doesn't show repeat events! No use really. I'm removing it from my phone.	0
this is very good	0
Difficult to understand. Bit complicated	0
No Outlook Calendar support. Most business people use Outlook...	0
Not a stand alone app. Must use calendar on mobile, my pout was to use it on its own.	0
just an unwanted extension of calendar	0
no use	0
There is no time setting in this graph only dates, that's while.......	0
This program does not work, PERIOD! Installed. Opened. Just sits there at the start screen, frozen and does nothing. No available controls or menu. Nothing. Do not use it. There is nothing to use.	0
Poor interface.	0
not good	0
hard to use. if we could make some changes just by sliding the clock or smthn that would be awesome	0
foolish app. steals data. doesn't have anything of itself. takes everything from Google calendar	0
What appealed to me the most about this app was the promise that we get to see the clock on your home screen. However the settings doesn't offer that option... Now it's just another app callendar you have to tap to see what's coming up... I liked the idea I could just turn on my phone and bang! the clock would just simply show me my schedule... Idk if it's a bug or just a false promise, either way it's disappointing.	0
Great Concept but executed poorly. I added 2 events between 6.30am and 9.30 but when I tried adding one for 10.30am it would let me, saying it overlapped with another event which it did not. I even checked my calendar and nothing was there for that time. It's now 11.42am, I tried adding an event for 3.30pm and it said its saved but hasn't showed on the clock or anything so it's pretty useless at this point.	0
Doesn't Sync Anymore! & I Paid For The Pro Version... 😤	0
didn't like it.. it's connected to the calinder..	0
too useless	0
Poor settings options. I tried to set a schedule for an entire day to be more productive. Kept getting emails for each task at the time I scheduled it. I also got notification pop-ups on my MacBook calendar app which seemed to sync itself with my Google calendar. I went to Google calendar to turn it off but it wouldn't let me. I had to delete all 10 emails, hide the notifications and now I will be uninstall this app. It should have an option to disable syncing. Nice idea. Lazy developers.	0
no instructions..	0
Should have an option to add reminders. it only displays events	0
I wanted to like this app. It's a very convenient way to see all the info I need right on the screen, but when I click on the task button I get trapped on the task screen with no way back. I have to kill the app to restart it in the clock visualization mode.	0
No longer work in Android 9. It can"t load meetings from Outlook or even from Google accounts. Interface is badly designed too.	0
it only lets you use it linked with Google calendar. You can't have 2 separate things.	0
Unable to understand the planner	0
can anyone tell me how to use this app?	0
Dear Developer, I have paid the amount for Pro version. After deduction still app is not get updated to Pro version. I have mail you the same issue & asked you to look into. Expecting immediate responce from you.	0
Looks good but it doesn't sync with events from existing calendars. It only syncs the holiday calendar but not my personal calendar.	0
its too complicated	0
Love this app. Got the pro version. It will save a lot of my cognitive work! Please fix this bug: The colour of events are set to blue when the event is created using the default colour of the (sub) calendar. Overall the app needs better UX design w.r.t the complex menu for customization and some other things e.g it was hard to figure out how to get separate widget for different calendars. But in terms of functionality it is awesome!	0
paid for the pro version but can't keep the changes I make to the settings.	0
where is the alarm tone setting in this.	0
cool idea, but it forces you to use Google calendar	0
I dont understand anything. it's super complicated	0
Uninstalled in 5 minutes. It didn't populate anything that I had on my calender. I even tried to manually put in events and it wouldn't show on widget	0
BESTApp ever super useful the only reason for the bad review, is because I already paid for the pro-version of this app because it's that useful*!!..BUT it's very disappointing This app is not supported by my Google watch its not compatible with my Ax Armani connected smart watch please fix ; it would be very useful to see my appointments and errands displayed on my watch. without having to open my phone to view than thanks alot I'll removed the bad feed back onces its fixed- 5 stars!	0
Doesn't import anything from my calendar despite my calendar being ticked as a source, so pretty much pointless. I'm not double entering everything.	0
Does not integrate month calendar view and 24hrs view within the circular widget graphics: it only shows 24hrs (12hrs in free version). Very restrictive: the widget shows full info for one day, and no info ahead, unless you select a different day. For the days ahead you need to leave the widget, and work in a different environment. Why complicate your life? Find a calendar app you like, stay with it, come back to Sectograph when (and if) the widget fully implements time and task management.	0
Would love this to work. It says it is working (ticks against my Google calendars). Shows a few. Doesn't show most. Disappointing.	0
not working	0
The most complicated routine managing app ever, stay away from this one.	0
This App is good but the setting is not understandable ... i might not even give it a single star	0
Won't show events I add to it. Makes different events random flags or sectors for no particular reason. Really annoying.	0
I wasted my time and money because it doesn't sync to my watch. I spent hours trying to get it to work. I emailed the developer a few times but it took a few emails before he realized that his program doesn't sync to the gears s3.	0
demo demo ..not compatible with outlook..	0
took too long to sync. uninstalled.	0
It's a good app but there should be downloadble templates since it would take time and a lot harder to create your own design.	0
Did not work on my Amazon Fire 8. app just flashed abou a mile a minute and nothing could be selected.	0
useless app to startwith.	0
If you love complex chronographs and a tiny slice of color tells you all, then this app is for you. This is NOT a user friendly interface . Does not play well with 9.0 pie (but not much does).	0
Worked fab until recently then I noticed the time in the centre was an hour wrong although when I went into the app it had the time right. So I uninstalled and tried to reinstall but when I tried to put the widget on my home screen it now puts on a blank box that's resizable but invisible otherwise! Very disappointed.	0
Worked for 2 days. Now I can't enter anything. I enter date time description hit save it says saved but nothing shows up on the lo k dial thingy. too bad nice. oncept. tho	0
Debes comprar la aplicación para poder personalizar los colores de los elementos del panel, puedes seleccionar y elegir colores pero los cambios no se verán reflejados hasta que compres la aplicación.	0
I dont get it in google callender i set a goal to run 4:30 every morning but why on earth is it so that the app sets time on its own and when i edit it it is edited only for one day not the others	0
the whole app is based on the system calendar app..when adding, showing... tasks..use APIs but personnalize the design..	0
not user friendly	0
okay	0
Edit: Reply from developer says sorry if they "offended my feelings"? Really? This isn't a dispute about feelings. To suggest such is a fallacy. Personal attacks are not welcome when discussing dislike of your pay model. Original: Everything is extra. 24h mode, colors, any default functionality will cost you more! Bad model! Because they can add and remove features and make you pay again or more. Let us pay ONCE for the app instead of you being sneaky and greedy.	0
Edit: Still doesn't work. I suggest adding proper integration with Outlook because it is leaps and bounds ahead of Google in terms of usability and ease. - Before Edit: Doesn't show me the events already listed on my Outlook calendar. Every day is blank. When I go to add an event with only Outlook calendar selected it wants me to add an event into another calendar. I don't care about adding events (I can do it on another platform) but if can't even see my Outlook events then this is useless. Gave it all necessary permissions and checked dates and synced.	0
не работает!!!!	0
There is an issue in syncing and the events are lost in few mins post adding it. The app could have had their own calendar without syncing to android calendar. Please improvise	0
not even a trial!	0
Needs to access data on device, events can't be entered manually	0
The app deleted my events and made me late for work today.	0
world's worst app...it uses my phones calander...😭😭😭😭🤮😔😔	0
i almost tried this. when it opened google calendar so i could create a new event im writing this then uninstalling.	0
I don't know why I can't seem to be able to adjust the hours correctly. when I updated the time to wake up at 7.30 am but the app keep displaying I'm to wake up at 6.30am...what's wrong? wasted my time keep trying to update it. This is good effort for developer to create this app but can pls fix all the issue...may seem minor but to me it's confusing and thus rendering it less useful. tq.	0
it shows you all the features, very helpful and everything and as a final blow... it will tell you that 24 hour widget is only available via in app purchase. This is very very misleading for someone who have given their time, signed in with google, synced their events etc. frustrated.	0
its not properly work in my phone mi note 5 it always show wedges are not updated i paid last month 99 but it not working	0
the planner does not work well. when I set it as every Monday, it shows different days.	0
installed, looked like what I was looking for, loved the design. but the app makes me use the standard alarms and calander of my phone to put every bit of planning in, and I HATE the calendar on my phone, thats why I came here... to bad	0
very bad .. don't download very complicated app	0
Cant access calendar. Allow access to calendar? Crashes. Waiti or Close app.	0
Does not connect with your phone's calendar	0
Unable to use the widget	0
It's pure discriminating to have to BUY an extension to be able to use 24-hour mode! Either make it free or let EVERYONE pay for the app! I would love to try this app because it really looks like it has a really nice concept, but since the devs choose to make just SOME people pay for it, then I'll gladly give it a bad review instead..	0
Unable to see the widget on Huawei Honor Play... After adding the widget to my Microsoft launcher... It does not appear...	0
Not sure how this app received such high ratings. It is just making you add events in your Google calendar to create a pie. I don't want to add daily tasks to my Google calendar. I thought this app was going to be more efficient, but it's not.	0
Bad	0
Complicated	0
So it's just a demo to see if you would like to purchase the app. It says it does this so you can learn how to use the app. BUT it doesn't allow you to do anything because none of my info or calenders can be added to it because it's just a demo. So it's really hard to tell if I like something if I can't do anything on it. Something to think about if you actually want to make money selling an app. Just saying. Thanks for wasting my time while I'm trying to save time.	0
This app only connects you with google calendar and that's it. Not useful	0
How the app is representing there features were not like that .. We need to buy them all ..	0
Fix or give me my money back.	0
The wigit doesn't come with the free version. It does the same thing your Google Calendar can do. I was looking for something for time blocking ... this is time flopping	0
It let me add a couple things to the schedule, then when I try to add a reminder to take my daughter to school in the morning and told me there was a conflict. Deleted everything else still said it had a conflict. If I can't easily do the simplest thing it was meant to do I don't have time for it.	0
"no user friendly, i download this apk for only n only set my full day 
sedual and follow up it everyday but i do not do easy way"	0
I don't like this	0
"Trying to sync to Google calendar, doesn't work. Now can't find your email 
address!!"	0
Good but hard to use	0
"For the round watch the program does not go further than demo. The check to 
finish demo is out of reach. But I like the idea of the program. Pitty I 
cant use it."	0
It just don't work the way I thought it would. Not what I expected.	0
"Always have to go to the calendar? Annoying and confusing and unnecessary. 
Pity."	0
"made my phone slow and why to pay money on this app my money has gone and 
no result.widget is not saving and changing.but idea of this app is gud.my 
money gone"	0
"Latest update has made interface unusable in dark mode, and does not allow 
users to change the text colour."	0
"I am really sad I saw this a while ago and now I got new watch and can't 
enable it on the watch. I just can't find the watch face anywhere"	0
Not good	0
This APP's widgets can't realtime refresh in new android core 10.	1
Great app!	1
Good	1
Amazing app. One of the main reasons I like having a smart watch is to keep track of my appointments on my wrist, and this has been one of, if not the best way I've tried of having easy visual access to my daily agenda. The visuals is seeing the hand move towards my meetings and the time listed until then is a great touch as well	1
This makes it very easy to get a quick glance and understanding of my schedule. I love how it shows how much time is in between and before an appointment. It makes life easier to plan. Great visuals too.	1
Good app. I agree with other reviews, the addition of tasks will make it great. Update: The new edition seems to be less useful. It seems one need the pro version to get it to work well. revised update. The app is very useful to ser in one vie appointments highly recommended	1
Good for those who work well with visual prompts.	1
Very nice!	1
It's nice to see the day at a glance.	1
It thinks about the day the way I do	1
Best time planner	1
Good app. Thank you. Very helpful 🙂	1
Awesome!	1
Good	1
I love this app...it really helps with planning and the widget really helps. The widget looks like a clock, so it's like a clock and tells you what the schedule is for the day...you can customize the way that you want the clock to look...	1
Amazing 👏	1
Great app. Must have.	1
This is all i ever wanted from a calendar.	1
Extremely easy and user friendly. This app is amazing for visualising your day. Works a treat for people with busy schedules or people exploring time blocking.	1
Used on Motorola phone. Synchronization to Google let me get all my notfactions on my Samsung phone my windows PC and three different Linux flavors from ubuntu 20.04 to Arch to Parott OS.	1
Really interesting app, and very nice arrangement.	1
Productivity over 9000.....	1
Excellent app to manage time and tasks	1
Still early in system but finding useful as tool to manage time	1
Easy to use!	1
Really nice visualization of your calendar events. (Not sure if it's there already, but I'm missing reminders support)	1
Download several apps to compare and i have sticked to this instead for my calendar and tasks	1
I just love its simplicity	1
Really good app! The widget replaced the clock on my main screen as soon as I realized how effective it was at keeping me on schedule.	1
This is the App that i've been waiting for	1
Like it... Would like to remove ads..	1
Good	1
simple gui for the user	1
(Works now) Time stops in Adroid 10 (Upd: ok will try. Thanks for the quick response!) (Upd: it still doesn't work) (Upd: thanks for your help once again, but i've tired all means to no avail) (Upd: it worked when i removed the widget and re-applied it! Thank u for the great support!)	1
Good app, just hope they add reminders soon, there are adds but that's okay	1
Nice! It will track my personal calendar!	1
Bagus aplikasinya, atur jadwal jd lebi gampang dan termonitor krn bisa sync sm microsoft calender. Definitely worth it	1
Still learning the app but so far, so good. Dànko 🤘🏿	1
It's definitely helpful 😌	1
It is exactly what I wanted, I used to scramble up my meetings and then I was searching for something visual and something that would sort out my times... and then I found it 😍 have been in Love with it so far. all the best to the developers 👍	1
Love this on my home screen. Thank you!!!!	1
It is simple and easy to use! I like it very much and have used it for almost 1 year.	1
Super helpful for my ADHD, and the dark mode is soooo much better	1
Amazing app, PLEASE MAKE A SMART WATCH FACE FOR THIS APP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Best one	1
Love having the visual to show time in a spatial way	1
Update: They are slow but they update and sync slowly. Overall very good app. Very buggy with time. The times are off. I think it's a sync issue with google calendar. It doesn't work even after fixing sync issues.	1
When i downloaded this application Sir.. Really.. I am succeeding in my career.... There is no application like it... Sir thanks to u.. We cant explain that what have u gave us.	1
Helps me to see my day & the time I have between engagements at a glance. Super helpful	1
Awesome app, Love it	1
Best visual tool for time management. All my I phone friends are jealous. It seriously saves me, I am a visual person and seeing the time in this way helps me make my hectic schedule.	1
Great app. Super useful. Helps me to organize my day. The layout is nice to look at.	1
One of my favorite application.	1
It's been super helpful in managing my ADD time management problem.	1
Love it.....	1
Makes it easy to see whats ahead on the agenda	1
Very goood	1
Awesome! So useful. From my class time table to assignment submission, tests, seminars, webinars, never missed anything. Just one glance and i know what my whole day is and during the day i can see when is coming next and what i have completed so far. It's an amaaaazing app.	1
Well made and very useful	1
Very use full to manage our time well👌👌	1
Ok by far the best planner anyone could have ..i loved it ♥︎♥︎♥︎and it has no ads and totally offline	1
Love this app. Had it on my last 4 phones. I gotta have sextograph in my life!	1
Superb functionality and visual info	1
Nice app for time management	1
Does what it says is does.	1
Yes,definitely this app is convincing	1
Very useful and user-friendly app. Best schedule app I've ever used for today. Thanks a lot!	1
Awesome app. GUI helps to identify the utilization of our time.	1
Love this absolutely easy to work with and so helpful. Thank you!	1
Excellent for visualizing your day and "where you are" in your agenda	1
Loved it since day one. It is now one of the first apps I install on a new phone. For me it is a must have. So easy to manage time. Like a watch for meetings!	1
Good	1
I recommend this app. Very good app, Nice work developer/s, Thanks for creating this app. This app helps the user to get things done smoothly, It helps the user to manage the time and also you can track everything you do.	1
I really love this app! It's especially great if you have several things to do in a day. You can see everything at a glance.	1
Nice.. quite an appreciable !	1
Awesome	1
Amazing	1
Really well designed and intuitive to use	1
Gracias a esta aplicación me he podido organizar mucho mejor.	1
Amazing visibility on your day	1
Sectograph is so helpful for me to visualize my day and how I'm going to spend my time. It's almost like a pie chart of my time, perfect for this visual learner. What I would love is a companion app (watch face or widget) on Samsung Galaxy watches so I can see it on my wrist, too. I use the the widget on my phone's home screen all the time. I love it!	1
The best	1
A very nice app for time management. A good User Interface.	1
amazing app for Scheduling	1
Very helpful for visualizing your day/time commitments. This has helped me to better manage my time and stay productive longer than I used to do on a traditional calendar.	1
Great tool for visualy keeping your schedule at the front of your mind! With my ADHD i suffer from time blindness and this tool coupled with agressively scheduling time to update my calander makes a great way to keep track of what i need to do and when.	1
The idea of daily workflow as a clock widget is great.	1
Love the way this app shows my day - works like my brain does!	1
Helps with managing my ADHD by making my schedule easily visible on my homescreen!	1
It's clean, simple, easy to use and such a helpful reminder of my day's schedule without being pushy. It's helped bring structure to my day, whether I follow the plans to the T or not.	1
Love this app. So helpful to see schedule and time differently.	1
I love this app!	1
Love this app, it's very helpful.	1
Really like the widget. Being able to set the center to actually open the clock app is a big plus for me. Very well done and useful.	1
Great app! Would kill to be able to spin/advance the time hand on the widget! But understand this is probably a limitation of the Android operating system. Aside from that, this widget has been a key factor in improving my daily productivity a significant amount. Integrates perfectly with my Google Calendar and Google tasks. Thank you developers! Life savers!	1
I bought the full version and I am quite gappy with it. It's a cheap, one-time purchase, and it gives you a bunch of extra features.	1
Loved it.. But keep improving and make brilliant experiences for customer	1
First impressions: excellent app. settings page could be more organized, but widget usability more than makes up for it.	1
The sectograph view adds a lot to the traditional calendar representation.	1
I love the concept. This is something I've been looking for a long time. I have installed Sectograph; however, I haven't been able to make it work using sync with Outlook. I use Exchange as corporate email and this app is really practical and useful for my work. I have tried sync my calendar with google but I haven't been able to do it in the right, fully automated manner. I was able to sync with Outlook however even when the app is connected and without any issue the events does not show. I have tried what you explain in your FAQs without success. I'm a little bit frustrated since I'd love to use it but it seems impossible. I'll really appreciate any hint/help you can provide me. The 5 stars is for the overall concept, since I haven't been able to use it yet.	1
Heads Up, ADDers!	1
Most useful widget I've ever gotten, it keeps me well in track and as a person with ADHD this is a lifesaver	1
helpful	1
I have ADHD. Time management and planning are my worst nightmares. This app makes it so easy to SEE my schedule. The visual representation of the wheel makes it easier to make sense of how much time I have. It's also SO helpful to see how far I am into my day... I could go on. It's a great app and worth the premium price, but the free version is also fantastic.	1
Good time management	1
KAMU.HARUS.DOWNLOAD.INI. PERIODDDTT. VALID. NO DEBAT. Ini bagus banget 😭😭 nyesel baru tau sekarang	1
Great	1
The experience with this app has so far been awesome. It has helped me a lot to plan the day.	1
Stylish and useful	1
Nice visual to organize and follow schedule. I would like to add personal routines... exercise, time bonding with children...but this app does not promise this..	1
Does what I neef.	1
Awesome	1
I love this app . Its exactly what I needed	1
The best ever apps to help you manage ur time... Simple and easy to catch up	1
Excellent	1
Easy to use	1
Jabardast maja as gaya	1
Good stuff	1
Awesome app! Easier to keep track of schedule and never forget a thing.	1
Awesome.	1
I like it, incredibly useful for seeing how busy my day is at a glance.	1
Most of my issues with this are due to Google Tasks not syncing with Google Calendar on Android, although I do believe they are testing roll-out of that by region. Makes my day feel like a Majora's Mask adventure, and really multiplies my concentration. An absolute must-have.	1
This app is EXACTLY what I was looking for and it's really well made. I soon decided to buy the upgrade, as I love being able to see 24 hours at a time and being able to switch between that and the 12-hour view, but thank you so much for making a very good, usable app for free as well.	1
Smooth	1
A great, and unique way, of viewing your day.	1
Great app	1
The visual combination of events and clock. It works for me.	1
Good !!!!	1
Good visual alternative to viewing your daily tasks.	1
Brilliant concept and great execution, very useful for keeping track of your day to day time management.	1
Best and simple app but , How do i activate 24 hour mode ?	1
Very good time keeping app. Great work developers.	1
Amazing... Love it	1
Loved it	1
YOU CAN GET THIS ON YOUR WATCH FACE TOO!!! Beautiful way of displaying time and events - my ADHD brain LOVES this. Nice customization of calendars, colors, and displays- don't be afraid to play with the settings. To get on your watch, install the smartphone app, then go to google play on your watch and select "apps on my phone." From there you'll get the option to download Sectograph and then "set watchface." Ps. Buy premium! One time payment and this dev deserves to get paid for this rad app.	1
Loveee It!	1
❤😊	1
it's so useful	1
Good	1
Really good app, made my day more organised.. Thanks to the developer...	1
I like its simplicity	1
by this app I can manage properly my time	1
The best	1
Loved it. Please add notification feature for events before they start (5mins or 10mins)	1
Nice apps, i've using this for 2 years and still counting	1
Pwoli saanam myre 🥰🥰🥰🥰	1
Great for visualizing time segments in a clean, organized format, pulling from your Google calendar(s). If you're more of a visual person and tend to overestimate or underestimate the time between tasks, or easily lose track of time, this may help.	1
Very Useful App To Schedule Your Day	1
So helpful!	1
I love the unique idea. I've used this for my past two phones.	1
Great app!	1
I really like this app and it is definitely a very nice visual way to keep track of time. The one MAJOR issue I keep encountering though is that it does not seem to easily sync with my Google calendar, which is where I have all my daily tasks stored. Edit: after trying a few troubleshooting options (including the FAQ suggestions), I was finally able to get Sectograph to begin syncing again by uninstalling and reinstalling Google calendar. It seems like it was a one-time glitch. Love this app!	1
This is perfect for me. I find it really easy and quick to use this app and maintain my daily routine. Also it looks Kind of cool on my home screen and the colour coding helps me too. I would suggest to add some more colours to choose from.	1
I love the concept	1
I think this one of best time Calendar app. Sometimes I miss meeting or delay. This is giving me full visibility, I don't want to go and open any calendar app to see my shedule , it's Infront of me all time.	1
Perfect for time management	1
Awesome	1
Loved it. Need some minor improvement like smooth syncing.	1
As a law student, this app is the perfect fit for me to keep track of my class and study schedules. Sectograph also goes well with Forest App.	1
The widget is useful to see what's next in a glance. Looks very good as well.	1
Simple: I have used many apps but this is best....	1
One i was looking for. Thanks a lot for this. So helpful to keep track of time and events. When your have the view of whole day in front of your eyes, it helps a lot to plan your day. Request: please add Android watch face. U kept your promise. Thank you. Request2: Please add galaxy watch face.	1
Extraordinary one of the kind	1
Nice visual way to see tasks coming up, the analog format really lets you see how long a meeting or task will take. And you can sync with calendars!	1
Superb Routin management	1
It works. Really. From a person who cannot plan and get things done. The colors are really helpfull and the graphics make you feel like doing the stuff.	1
I love your widget. However now with samsung phone I cannot add it under my work profile. Di you know why? Is there a workaround? Thanks!	1
Great app	1
I really didn't want to like this app, but now it's on my home screen and I use it all the time. Great way to display my schedule!	1
One of the most innovative and productive app found in the appstore.	1
Pe rfect management	1
So great	1
Great app, it gives great visually ation of whole day and it also linked to google calander too.	1
I like this app because it helps me to set my working,exercising, teaching, sleeping time... and I want to request one thing add alarm feature for tasks...that will help much better	1
Great way to visualise your day.	1
Gr8 app	1
Visual layout really helps	1
It's very useful app I advice it	1
Awesome	1
Amazing app! Never found anything like this	1
Nice looking	1
Excellent and fun, easy to use!	1
Very good app. Its a good planner to maintain a professional life.	1
It's great schedule reminder but do get the alarm system also	1
This is a good start of an era redesigning how we visualize our thoughts. A great place to begin Dallas time to add the functions and abilities which make this format more powerful than traditional	1
We need it	1
A very novel and original way to display my calendar!	1
Beautiful use of screen space and ease of use. I use this to keep my entire day on track in an easy and informative format. Continuously updates and displays 'next in line' scheduled events.	1
This is a godsend.	1
Ty for this app, I have ADD and this will help me a lot in understanding time and not forgetting everything.	1
Good stuff. Finally got into learning chinese and russian	1
Excellent	1
I really like the app. I set things up on the phone and then use the watch companion as a watch face to see how my day should flow with activities and events. Nice customisation. So far I love it! Enough to upgrade to the paid version.	1
Great!! I use it to manage homeschooling.	1
Great! Easy and helpful	1
Very very happy with this one... Thank you, developers...	1
Good app	1
Simple to understand and use	1
Great app helps me to structure my day and not be lazy	1
Great time visualization tool	1
Too complicated	0
UI sucks. Hard to get things done.	0
This app is not working!!!! 🤨	0
Bad app.	0
I paid for pro version but still it didn't update!!! Where did the money go?	0
I DO NOT LIKE IT	0
Used to use this app, stopped for a few months, then came back to find that the app had been completely changed and that ll of my routines, tags, etc...had been wiped out. I'm pretty disappointed.	0
Used to be my fav organization app lost it for a year. Found it again. The new UI is DISGUSTING.	0
Can't understand how to use	0
waste of time	0
Can't turn off notifications. It will keep ringing. Idk if I'm missing something. But I love the app but if I cant figure this out might uninstal	0
Too much ads	0
I find it utterly useless. Tried to figure out how to use it and it seemed like a maze, so incongruent and all over the place. I eventually deleted and discarded it.	0
This app is not working in my infinix s4 It gets blocked by the system so please improve your app and fix it	0
It not working for my mobial. it not remaind at the time what i set	0
It does not send me notification when i open this application it shows troubleshooting background running	0
This app is very confusing and hard to use	0
There is no account sync option. If you uninstall it by mistake do all the hard work again to set up the events and periods.	0
Stupid app dirty app not at all useful. The ones who made this app might be fools. I created a routine but it doesnt show any pop up . Stupid app	0
The notification stopped after some time	0
Aak thuuuuuuuuuuuuu	0
Will anyone tell me how to use this app ?	0
y?	0
I spent almost 2 hours to figure out how this works. I still don't know how .	0
I really tried to like the update. But it seems confusing. I'm not sure what was wrong with the way it was before but now I don't understand how it works.	0
Its good but too rigid.. Add option to start the routine from a speicifc place as we wish... Say we wake up late.. I want to start the routine late instead of just going late at the old routine. .. Add a button for that please	0
Very bakawas	0
Not so good	0
I think it is like a time table box like structure (just like diaries) from inside but nope ☹️	0
Good and fast	0
its wonderful app but thete is something much important missing CHECK LIST it should have check box so you can tick mark after doing it And this should also reflect in week summary so that YOU KNOW HOW MANY DAYS YOU MISS THAT TASK	0
Sufro de ansiedad y TOC, han cambiado el diseño de la aplicación SIN PREVIO AVISO y no te están las cosas como yo deseo, cómo hago para regresar a ver los colores y los íconos, ESTO ES REALMENTE MOLESTO	0
Best	0
This is one of the best apps, one of the best features is that it announces the activity name...... Edit: Hi, the app was doing well! And was planning to buy the paid version. But i am getting errors with background tasks not refreshing, and today due to that error, i lost all the events scheduled which were scheduled for today. Can you advise please?	0
this app sucks	0
Try to make the app more automated, i have been following every steps but still it shows no notifications or alarm on time	0
I love the app but I'm probably going to have to uninstall it. Its had a problem lately where the notification will not go off. No matter how many times I push close or silence the sound keeps playing. It's becoming annoying.	0
Uninstalled within 10 minutes of confusion. What to set where. Not user friendly. Not able to set routines daily programmes. Very confusing settings.	0
Only notifications pop out no sound at all	0
If you want to use it properly, you have to pay for the Pro version. It is not user-friendly.	0
Love it🥰🥰🥰	0
I paid for premium but I did not get any notification or upgradation. Still the app is showing the purchase premium option. Feeling disappointed.	0
Not working properly , don't delete immediately any routines ,	0
So bad bad bad	0
I paid for the premium to save my data to upload to my new phone. Didn't work, deleted ALL of my info and when I reached out to tech. support, no response...	0
I don't know anything can anyone help me	0
The tutorial looks simple and a good layout but when I make an entry 9 out of 10 times it disappears and I need to re-enter it. Half the time dosent work	0
Nice	0
Not easy to use also not effective	0
Sucks	0
This app noticification sound didnt work...always silent and vibration ...i done everything	0
Dear developer I am the paid user of application. No notification sound is coming. Please see the issue urgently.	0
It is very awkward cauz you need to give it a proper plan	0
Awful the concept is great but it is not user friendly and super annoying I deleted it as soon as I downloaded it	0
Awful, it has timing issues , when I reach the end of the day , it leaves an empty task and u cant delete it.	0
I am unable to download this app.. everytime I click install it just doesn't download it	0
I would not give a star also bcoz the thing is it should have more function....Next time when i download the app ....it should be a good app..... TROUBLE SHOOTING..^_^^_^^_^^_^(^^):-[:-[:-[	0
Hate it	0
I have autism and downloaded this at to help with my daily habits and routine. Used it for less than 5 minutes, couldn't make heads or tails of it. The instructions given apon installing were more confusing than helpful, terrible layout.	0
I bought the pro version yesterday and today in the morning it's asking me to purchase again ... Contacted the developer and if no answer is received within 12 hours, I'm reporting this app for fraud.	0
It literally just completely stopped working yesterday, without me changing anything either in the app or in my settings. Whenever I add a new event or routine now it just doesn't create it or show me notifications, my schedule stays completely blank. Lmao I'm sorry but it doesn't even bring up the technical report when I press it	0
The layout was horrible, the events and the scheduled items don't sync.	0
I have the app set to verbally remind me of schedule events. The problem comes when I have my phone set to silent. The app supercedes the phone and still verbally reminds me. If the phone is on silent, it's for a reason. There seems no way to bypass this. This is a SEVERE flaw that needs to be addressed, hopefully sooner rather than later.	0
All the features are premium 😐	0
I loved this app so much after I downloaded it and used it for about 2 weeks. Because I loved it so much I decided to purchase the pro full version and payed £4.99. However, it was not worth paying at all. I would have rather used the free version with the ads. I will recommend everyone to download the app and use the free version but dont get the £4.99 ad free version because it doesn't really give you anything extra. I would recommend the creator of the app to add more features for payed.	0
Premium version only	0
I was unable to understand anything..... This app is a big mess	0
Doesn't let me add even one item to my day without buying the pro version.	0
A hidden wonderful music comment and feedback is correct please do it like previous it was	0
Bought the premium version long ago but now it has ad on it.	0
Asking to buy pro version when clicked on new program	0
Didn't like navigation menu location update	0
Terrible	0
Very bad	0
too many ads and require to pay for applications that are commonly found in play store.	0
New update has ruined the app...the reminder option is no longer available with ringtones...why the heck should I keep this app now in my phone... deleting....	0
Does not refresh on Samsung phones. I have done every troubleshooting step and more, to no avail.	0
Pop up stating " the app has been blocked by the system. Please authorize the app in your device settings. Troubleshooting or refresh background tasks " is flashing on my device. May I know what is this about?	0
can't even name my tasks	0
I don't know how I feel	0
I got just scam. Rs. 200 for pro version. Nothing happened. Good times.😒	0
Doesn't save my timeline ....have to redo my while schedule now	0
The tutorial doesn't help and shows you nothing the app is very bad and isn't easy to understand I have given up after wasting time trying to figure this trash out. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.	0
I was looking for a class schedule app and this was not it	0
The app would be nice if it actually gave you a tutorial on how it should be used. It seems almost like clickbait, with one appealing look and then it's not what you expected or needed. Yes it's very organized and but nothing is explained.	0
Not very user friendly. Uninstalled immediately	0
Pagué por la versión premium y ahora igualmente veo ads en la app... La app no cuenta con respaldos automáticos ni un login al menos decente. Lástima que una app tan buena la estén dejando perder ante el montón de apps de productividad que hay en la store	0
Worst app dont install	0
The one thing that made this app better than the others was that it was ad free. Uninstalling.	0
To me its not user friendly. I dont like the question up front before a tour of the app. Its very limited unless you pay for the pro version. I think, when picking a routine or something a bar or something should pop up with options or ideas to choose from.	0
Useless	0
confusing and useless	0
not easy to use....always begging to buy pro version.	0
This app has started to give me full screen pop up ads	0
I buy pro version but it features are not given to me	0
Couldn't figure out.	0
🙄🙄🙄	0
Bekar app at all !	0
Too difficult to figure out how to set up, can't add times to daily routines. This app is a waste of space.	0
Hello. The app keeps disappearing from my notifications. I already allowed notification access and persistent notification on my settings. I also whitelisted the app on my battery saver but it still doesn't work. Help please 🙏	0
It was to difficult and takes a lot of time to create a routine	0
Very bad app	0
hard to use	0
Not user friendly at all, they definitely need to work on the user experience.	0
Terrible	0
Very bad	0
Oohh im very hardly managing it and its a disgusting app just a waste of time. Also it is not uninstalling.	0
Nic	0
Not really functional	0
bad, the reminders not working many times trouble shooting	0
Way to confusing to use the tutorial didnt help at all	0
Cant even get past the first screen. I get a notice that my phone is blocking the app, but there are no instructions in the troubleshooting for my pixel, I've looked all over my settings, there's nothing I can find to change to "allow" this app to do something. Frankly I'm dubious that this app somehow needs some extreme level of permissions that no other ever has, especially as it hasnt told me why.	0
WORST APP EVER! Because there is no reminder bell things, I think there is but it DOESN'T WORK! I can't even remember that I have this app! With reminder thing will be better. I SPENT TWO HOURS TO WRITE MY ROUTINE PLAN, AND I THOUGHT THERE IS REMINDER! IT'S NOT EASY TO USE THIS APP TOO! I AM DELETING THIS USELESS APP IMMEDIATELY! ALARM DOESN'T WORK AT ALL!! HOW DISAPPOINTING. 😠😠	0
Bad	0
bad	0
em app ra bai ardham ai sasthaledhu	0
sobad	0
worst app doesn't work	0
worst app waste of time	0
i really didn't understand the interface and its too complicated ...	0
way to confusing to do something simple	0
Looks great, alarms don't work. The notifications just don't work on my Motorola G7 plus running Android 9.	0
the User Interface makes no sense	0
not good worst app	0
app looks good but does not notify me on my oppo. i foloowed the instructions to fix this however they are outdated so i cannot fix this problem.	0
it's an okay app	0
its too complex	0
can't do anything unless you buy the pro version	0
Very confusing	0
not work in my tab Lenovo yoga 3 bed experience 😑😒😞	0
why you changed layout to old one..its really bad and annoying.	0
sir i already did all step but i still face notification ringing problem.	0
Hard to understand setup. Could not schedule tasks to weekdays. Does not even show a calendar .	0
bakwas app	0
I'd like to give it a 5 star, VERY MUCH. The app is very useful, convenient and easy to use and what's even better is that it allows the user to modify the alarm (sound, icon, etc) as we please that makes it much easier to organize our schedule. But the app no longer works after i've changed my phone, i don't know if the issue is about my phone (i used Mi A1 before and oppo currently) or the app. I've read about the configuration to get the app back to work but to no avail, please help. Ty	0
can I get a refund	0
worst app	0
bhai very very very very bad asp	0
not user friendly	0
"removed support for google drive backups"	0
i hated that you cannot edit certain things. For example when you go to make a schedule there's no option to delete blank slots, no obvious anyway.	0
not very user friendly, atleast for me. the alarm doesnt ring it on only vibrates. i have to put every thing manually, like if its 11 am in the clock it gives me optionts what i m going to do from 12 pm. and even after using it for a week i am not clear how dis format gonna helm me	0
wont synch to calendar, have to buy pro version	0
bruh I literally have no clue how this app works	0
this app isn't optimized for use, it's just a concept. for example, the alarm plays music but can't be shut off. there's no "acknowledge alarm" so if it starts paying music... yeah it never stops. this is only one of many bugs so bad it breaks the app. don't waste your time.	0
bogus app. update isnt working. i was using the same app in past in the same device it was working properly. now i hv updated and its not giving any notification and even status bar is showing the past activities not current.	0
hate itt	0
not working in my phone	0
Very disappointed about the recent update, I had everything work fine till the update scrambled everything.	0
not what I wanted. wanted a timeline.	0
The idea is great, and I would have loved this. However I WILL NOT pay to be able to use different routines for different days. This app is nothing more than a way for them to trap you into payment. Don't bother with this one.	0
Programmer does nog work properly. It is changing times and dates on his own. Instead of saving time it is costing me time (and money for the pro version). I ran into this problem a few days after my purchase so i'm not able to get a refund while the app is unreliable, so practically unusuable.	0
Can't buy pro version on note 9? Apparently in app billing is not available on my device? Guess I can't give you my money...	0
Bought the pro version, amount got deducted and programer version became accessible. But after sometime its showing that i have to buy the pro version again. Kindly troubleshoot this problem.	0
has something wrong it takes the routine i created for one day and do it for all days	0
there is no time table,this app is fake!	0
bad experience	0
how to use this? help me please	0
I found it odd that the app didn't have preset hourly reminders. Most people have habits that require them to do them on specific hours (for example; gyming twice or thrice a day) the app should have a feature on where you can input the exact times in the day when it should remind you Another example of this would be:  Reminder: on every Thursdays at 7am and 8pm I should be reminded of (insert habit).  Instead it's jungle of toggles that seem to not make sense	0
very bad	0
great	0
Wow, from 5 stars to one. You guys ruined your perfect scheduling app. WHY!?! The new Routines layout is inefficient and has several flaws. Can't use it at all if trying to plan my routine makes me want to throw my phone against a wall. Please bring back the old Routines format ASAP.	0
incoherent jumble	0
what is the use of this app if it can not show notification with sound, also can not alert me when i m buzy in others chaos.	0
Interface is not really satisfactory	0
i have bad experience	0
complicated	0
Please tell me how to use the app	0
some thing is comming in front if screen and interepting. app is not runs in notification bar	0
Hi have been looking for a app which remind me each and every hour because I'm a student and I need a that kind of app but in your application this feature is not available... 😒😒😔	0
I missed my work today because of your stupid "weak alarm" method. This means I've lost some money. Notification reliability should be of paramount importance. If something doesn't work 100%, remove it. Very disappointed. VERY! Edit: I didn't get any warning, nothing. If the other option is the recommended one (which I hate that it adds an alarm icon in the status bar. other apps work without doing this), it doesn't mean the other one IS NOT WORKING. Bad. I'm forced to use the stock alarm for the first event in the morning to be sure, which is very inconvenient	0
Waste app.	0
I did not understand	0
This app is to complicated	0
Why this app requires so much of settings in one time.. 1)Like it should be in recent apps..2) If internet is off it doesn't works..3) Even though all the permissions to app is allowed in phone settings.. Than to it crashes.. It requires an immediate update with all the bugs fixed soon. Or people wouldn't even write a review.. They would uninstall the app and find better alternatives.	0
Worst app	0
It will ruin your plan, you are going to waste your time customizing it. Downloading this app will increase your screen time and degrade your efficiency.	0
Most of the things are paid	0
The new version is so complicated loved the old one it was simple and easy and quick to use it was perfect	0
I donk like this app anymore	0
I've bought the pro version and after a week it disappeared. disappointing	0
The widget doesn't work, it appears only few minutes and then it disappears so I need to add ot manually again	0
Free options are hard to find and bundled with pro version, can't open free without ad for pro version literally clicked one thing after opening your app for the first time and it instantly went to a pop up of the pro version, I'm not going to navigate your app to find only the free options that are given to me bundled in with the pro versions when there are other apps that are available that never mention pro version which I downloaded	0
This app started out great. Everything was so organized and I was happy I had a digital schedule with reminders to carry with me. But it stopped giving me notifications, it also stopped showing my reminders all together. I wanted to uninstall the app for a while because it's never working, but today was the last straw. I had a reminder put for my midterm, but of course since it's such an awful app... it didn't notify me. I missed my midterm. Screw this app, don't download it.	0
Impossible to use.	0
Not worth it don't buy...	0
Totally joke.	0
I have not installed it...not sure if it was somehow installed by hacking	0
lose my time :(	0
How to restore my pro version?	0
I HATE IT ITS CONFUSING	0
Play tune does not work on gionee	0
The most trash app i have ever seen.	0
Its most timewasting app instead! I downloaded this for schedule n it asks to buy a pro version for it! It should be mentioned first before we dwnld this app!	0
Don't know how to use it because many icon were showing to upgrade to new version popups.	0
It's notification tune is frequency low	0
Stupid	0
Changes the time of routine when adding new ones? Completely useless	0
U should give a shor git tutorial that how to use it. U should also add some random time tables also. Its not a good app	0
Sab kuch khud se hi karna pad raha h...	0
This helps me so much, thank you!	1
Good	1
Shiv Raj Singh	1
This is an amazing app!! Highly recommended for schedules. It has daily,weekly and atypical schedules, and notifications and pop ups too!	1
Absolutely amazing app! I just counted & this was the 5th daily checklist type app that I tried. For others looking for an app that schedules your time in a day & organize your daily to do list = This is the app you need. It has everything I was looking for in a daily planner/schedule. I'm keeping this app! Love the tags & notification options! So easy to use! So organized.. I love it!	1
By far the best daily planner I've come across. I rarely write reviews, but I found that this app in particular deserves one. It is easy to use, and does exactly what is intended, I haven't come across anything better.	1
Theres a bug, cant edit the blocks. Thank you.	1
Great and usefull	1
Oooof ❤️	1
It is a superb app I like this app very much	1
Finally a planner that allows me to put work in as a nightshift. Just wish we could personalise weeks more. So only a certain task Monday to Friday type of thing.	1
It was a fantastic app.....I use it to schedule my Kpop Idol training schedule, My languages learning (Korean,English,Japanese,Chinese,etc), My school schedule, And also my FUN Times too...REALLY THANKFUL FOR YOUR APP😻😻😻	1
Your app is very nice but please also available for Windows and Mac PC or maybe be chrome extension.	1
Great time-line ⌚	1
Simple, Practical, & to the point app without any unnecessary features to make it complex	1
Nice ,and better app easy to make timetable i can reamind every thing	1
The best	1
I love this app... It has a perfect schedule for us.. like people like me who want to be scheduled but cant be organised...	1
Worst app	1
Thats exactly i was finding for ❣️	1
The best. (periodt)	1
Nice	1
Simple, fast and no annoying ads. Good price for pro version not a rip off. I love to have different theme options, as an addition to the list view of schedule, it would be really nice seeing the day as clock with separately colored pie chart.	1
Well	1
This is such a great app. Unfortunately, i am planning to move to iPhone and this is not available on the App Store. Really breaks my heart.	1
This app is very helpful for study . So this app is very helpful for me.😊😊⏰⏰⏰⏰⏰⏰⏰⏰⏰⏰⏰😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😍😍😄😍	1
The app is exactly what I was searching for since a long long time. It would be even better if there was some web app or desktop app for it.	1
Best app for schedule making	1
As someone who procrastinates constantly and needs a routine to keep myself focused, this app is amazing. The constant notification with personalized icons makes it so easy and helpful to keep track of what's going on and what I need to do next. No, this app isn't perfect. But I've found great use from it. I recommend getting the pro version. It's only 5 dollars and the programmer is SUPER useful :)	1
Best !!!!!	1
A great app but it would be nice to add a feature to plan a schedule for tomorrow( any further date) on the day before. Making a schedule the night before for next day is a hassle. It keeps reverting back to routines and the current day, everytime pressing schedule and swiping to change date is time consuming to add blocks.	1
Brilliant app, exactly what I was looking for, heart felt appreciation for the team involved.Thank you❤️	1
So far so good!	1
Its really a great app.But after recent update,it lost some features.Its not highlighting the current task in schedule pannel.Add this feature again in the next update... *EDIT : There is no ' now' icon on the top bar.By the way,the method of highlighting the current task in schedule option before this update was better than the present way of highlighting.😑 It's better to highlight the whole sentence instead of highlighting only the borders👍	1
thanks TimeTune❤️ been using ur app since 2018: ✅ I achieved 1st place at local singing competition since you always remind me to practice ✅ U always reminded me to work out at gym, now I'm in a better shape ✅ I made my clients happy because I arranged all my responsibilities fit their needs at a perfect time Thanks, will abosulely still using this when Alien invade the earth one day	1
I think this app will be amazing by seeing the reviews. I hope that it will be superb. I give 5 stars because it is like this app I was finding 😊	1
Loving the app. It'd be amazing if you could do calendar integrations with Outlook/ Gmail so that my work appointments could be reflected automatically.	1
Time to pick my life up and awaken my life.	1
Good app, Will there be a way to input a hex code for the color to the widget in a future update?	1
I think it's a great app...it has helped a lot...very efficient takes getting used to like any other app...I like this app very much😊👌	1
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍	1
Give us the damn todo list and app blocker all in one too 😌	1
Just started and I finding this very easy operate. Thank you!	1
I love this app. I have been able to put my life together just by the free features of this app. I would always stress about having to do certain things everyday. I wouldn't do them because I had to remember to do them every day. Because of this app I don't have to remember to do them. I get reminded to do them and I do them happily. If I hadn't found this app, I don't know if I would have ever put my life together.	1
Nice app	1
If u want to be an organized person then u should have this app....🔥 This was the app I was looking for.. It has many features... I can make a schedule for a particular day with a tag, title, description, and the main alarm.... 😍😍😍🔥🔥🧡🧡🧡 I loved this app ..	1
What an app	1
Great App! Absolutely love using it to plan out my day! Thank you!	1
Excellent	1
It works perfectly, for us the best app	1
I've only just started using this app, but it seems to be exactly what I was looking for. It allows you to create customised event types, programme start and end times for events, set repeating events. It's simple, but not lacking in features. One suggestion I have is the ability to see a weekly view of the schedule.	1
It is quite good for managing your schedule and having your schedule written down somewhere instead of it being in your head. You could definitely use it for your professional life. I only use it for personal.	1
It's amazing. I like the way it is so don't try anything odd. Soon I will try the premium	1
Best of its kind 👍.	1
i like this app. it would be nice if it highlights what part of your routine you are in.	1
Nice, exactly what I needed	1
Easy to use app for making a schedule. I like it very much.	1
This app is very helpful....❤️❤️ It really helps me to optimize my time and do things schedule-wise.....🙏🙏👍 awesome and productive app.....thanks to developers......	1
Awesome! Helps keep track of all your day to day activities and it can sync to your calendar's!	1
Finally found what I'm looking for. Great app!	1
Make for IOS Please	1
I just came back from a year or more of not using the app (I didn't really have a routine) and I've gotta say the design changes are amazing. It's visually easier to navigate and edit. The ideas in blocks are great. Can't wait to see you implement more things to do with overlaps and such.	1
This app is freaking phenomenal! Instead of having a billion alarms in my phone that I have to go over all the time, I can just set up schedules and go about my day. I have my daughter's school schedule since we're distance learning. My son's band schedule. My work routine. Even simple things like when to brush my teeth so nothing gets missed in the chaos that is quarantine life. I have ADHD, so being hyper-organized is super important for me, and this app cuts out so much stress!	1
Very helpful	1
I like the way	1
Clean & straightforward interface! The widget is transparent in my homescreen which I really liked. Maybe, adjusting the tags in two columns looks much more cleaner. Anyways, thanks for this app!	1
Love it ... Recently buy pro version ❤️	1
I have updated routines and enabled it in programmer. I dont see any in my schedules. Schedules is totally blank. Later it got updated so changing review to little better because. But from the previous design to now i feel like i have to enter so much. Something is wrong with the app.	1
Best app of time management	1
this app is my second brain. i realy love it and he help me to organize my life	1
Nice love the new update.. Gud ui nd very user friendly thnk u very much ♥️♥️♥️ Keep up the gud work. And keep updating just love it..	1
Very extensive in how you can plan things out, and make routines, it's very nice	1
Sangat membantu sekali	1
Super app	1
It's awesome that it is free for all of the things that it offers! Such a great app.	1
This app is my life, literally. My watch reminds me of the next part of my day. Blocking out time each day for what matters helps me get everything done. As a working mom, wife and dog owner that means everything ❤	1
Good job! Keep up the great work!	1
I loved this all before, but with the new updates, it is the BEST!! I lose track of time easily and this allows me to make a schedule and choose which items give a notification. This helps me SO MUCH to stay on track throughout the day. Perfect for an ADHD brain! I'm a homeschool mom with a busy schedule and I struggle to keep the household running efficiently. This app is a gift to me!! Additionally ... I haven't encountered a single ad. ❤️❤️ Well-designed app. HUGS TO THE DEVELOPERS!!	1
I like this	1
Perfeito! Demanda um pouco de paciência para dominar o aplicativo, porém, nada mais justo. Isso porque o aplicativo apresenta inúmeras funções e, diferente dos demais simples, não deixa nada a desejar.	1
It's a perfect time scheduling app ✨	1
In India now most of the people do their work digitally earlier we wrote time table on a paper but now we can do this with apps but usually we so not find perfect apps for such things but this app is all time perfect for time management	1
Excellent app	1
Best app	1
Great app! It helps me to manage my time well!	1
NICE AND GOOD LOOKING INTERFACE 👌, PERSONALLY LIKED IT !	1
One of the best	1
Very useful app... It is possible to set a very useful study schedule..Thank you 😍🤝🤝	1
I have remote learners and this app is so helpful when keeping track of their school schedule. Highly recommended. I have the free version so I'm not sure if the pro version allows you to designate a specific routine within a specific date within a calendar app, but I can import a specific routine per day with the free version and it's been very useful.	1
Excellent	1
Supperb...	1
I like it	1
Amazing app.Nice work dev..	1
This app is my saviour during quarantine. Now that I have a schedule, what's up next in the day, my anxiety level has gone way down. I'm so glad I downloaded this app. I love how on top of notifications there's a voice saying aloud to what's coming up. A minor issue is that "reading" is pronounced "reding". Great app.	1
My favourit Good	1
Simple and easy to use! I only wished I could see it in a calendar view?	1
I absolutely love timetune!!!! Easy to follow interface, nice colors and super efficient. Check it out and if you like it, the pro version is so worth it! THANK🙏YOU TIMETUNE!!👏 🥰🥰🥰🥰	1
Best time table app but required below functions which i really needs: ✓Auto copy previous routines and time for upcoming suggestions ✓ connect social media or make personal log in account ✓ send routine data to trainer or teacher through email in PDF or docs etc ✓save data into PDF to make printed chart ✓adding images into routines ✓cloud saving	1
After trying a lot of time blocking apps.. to do lists.. i hav came down to this app.. its very convenient	1
Good app	1
Great app. But I'd like to make a suggestion. Have an option to set the default day on custom routines to day 1 when activated. It currently defaults to which ever day you closed the app. And as such some of my alarms don't go off because they are on day 1 and the routine gas started on day 2.	1
It really helps if you are trying to build a system / routine using the routine feature wich can be applied and customised in the schedule section .. It would be cool if U can add an infinite sub-sub-tasks . thanks developers Great job !	1
This app helps me to be more oganized	1
Best time management app on Playstore - hands down	1
it's the best best app ever	1
Excellent	1
Just starting using it and I can already tell how great it is at keeping you on schedule! I've done schedules before, but with this App, it makes it so much easier to stay on track! :)	1
Best	1
I love this app, is really good and easy to use, but I don't know why I'm having problems, it seems that my phone blocked the app or the notifications are turn off, but I already turn them on but it keeps saying it isn't working, I need some help. Anyways the app is excellent.	1
Absouletely incredible.	1
BEST, TRY THAT	1
Loved it	1
I love this app, it is so helpfull	1
I have been using this application for 1 week. I am giving five stars to this application because after downloading this application I am getting my work done on time. I have benefited a lot from this application. People who want to do their work at certain times and change their lives. Do download this application.❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️	1
Best	1
nice app	1
Easy to use, manageable ,time management	1
I have been trying this app for 4 days and it's really effective. Thankyou developers for making this app.I hope you will make ot even better in the upcoming days 😊	1
Great	1
This app helps you edit your routine anytime as per one flexible time.This is very useful for people like me who find it difficult to follow a routine but helps us to be on track and guides us to know what to do next. You can alot time at irregular basis eg a task can be for 20 mins whereas the other could be for 90 mins. The notification are at par and do good job at reminding us our next task. The information that one needs to fill in when adding a task, is accurate and is easy. This app is the best one and would not like to replace it with any other to use for my studies, also for this reason i would be looking forward to an app for the PC's or at least a web	1
Overall, I like the latest update. It's perfect for making schedules. I do wish the blocks had two catagories, past & upcoming so I don't have to scroll past old events to get to my current events. I also wish blocks still had the personal icons instead of only tags.	1
Perfect❤	1
This is a really really great app, 😆😆	1
Useful	1
Nice scheduler. But I hope in the future, there would be a clock shaped schedule as a widget	1
really competent scheduling app, worth premium imo. would be improved if i could edit from a webapp and it could do browser notifications. Actually, even just editing from a browser and doing notifications from my phone would be Super helpful	1
As a person with autism and adhd, this is great! Started using it today, somehow got the pro version even though i dont remember paying. Cant see any faults yet, and if i do, ill let the devs know	1
Nice app to keep my life organised	1
I really like this app. It's easy to use and has really helped me keep a routine.	1
As great as heck😍	1
It's good	1
WONDERFUL APP Even though at first I didn't going well with this app, I realized I just need to learn more about it :) but I still did not understand what "activities" means :)	1
mm yes good	1
This has been super helpful in guiding me through a chaotic, quarantine school day. Thank you so much! : D	1
This app has been a great tool for me. Has allow me to organize my time and schedule and because of that now I can be more productive. It's amazing.	1
Пять из пяти	1
solid app that so far holds the title of most useful scheduling app for my adhd ass. it can take a little time to figure out, but its pretty intuitive once you get the hang of it.	1
Nice app. I just got the pro version because it ultimately replace my daily planner book.	1
I am in love with this app it is so useful because I am a giant perfectionist and I have looking for the perfect planner for a while	1
Nice experience	1
Awsm app	1
Amazing app. It covers basically everything required to plan your schedule efficiently. Kudos to the developer team, keep it up!	1
Very nice app	1
Simple app for goal setters	1
Good... Very good !!	1
Great App for students	1
It is an awesome app. The perfect app for well structures productivity.	1
I like this app. I've tried many apps and this is the most suitable and beautiful app I've came across. Just what I needed. Thank you :)	1
Love it!!!! 👍🏼👍🏼 Never gave thought to a app like this. Just happened to see it while downloading another app. Checked it out. Downloaded it. And already love it. Really gonna help me stay on track with home schooling my son. Thanks	1
Very good app	1
Excellent app. Really helps me stay organised.	1
I like this app because it's simple and easy to use.	1
Good app for productivity	1
Nice app	1
Excellent App!! I regret knowing this app sooo late😁!! The best Thing was the 'Customisable Alarms/Notifications' ... As a student, im in love with this app! It help me stick to the timings... Also, the app didnt ask me to rate it! Instead i was findig where to Rate?? In Short : A great app!! Good going guys😊	1
Me encanta, con esta aplicación puedo hacer exactamente lo que necesito. La use por mucho tiempo, pero ahora me cambie a iPhone y no esta disponible para esos dispositivos. Me encantaría que pudieran extenderse a iPhone.	1
It's very easy to use and it's perfect for making schedules. I highly recommend using it !	1
No doubt! It is the best time management app I have ever used and I have recommended this app to many of my School friends. Help me: I have created my routine in one mobile and I sometimes use another mobile as well, I just want to know how I can link both apps to notify me on other mobile also or Do i need to create the routine again ? . I appreciate you guys for making this wonderful app. I am also looking forward to see new great features in the app. 🙂	1
The best apps to organize your life's schedule	1
Great app!!	1
Nice application for students also	1
Using this app since 2017. Love it	1
Great app. I'm glad I found it.	1
I'm using app for pomedro method. Set 25 minutes work and 5 break. It's more best than set timer instead.	1
This is a very good app for daily routine and I Love it a lot.	1
Great app, would recommend to anybody who wants a decent routine app.	1
Amazing app it is best for your whole planning .	1
Love it; simple & efficient!	1
I want to say only one thing that is .This app is to good . Because second thing u will know when you install it.	1
it is so far a good app hopefully it keeps me on track	1
Absolutely love this! I love that you can copy schedules so you don't have to keep doing repeats. I can't wait to see what else this can do!	1
This app is perfect for someone like me who forgets everything! It helps structure my weekly routines so that I don't have to stress about remembering all kinds of different tasks and helps clear my mind for more important things 🔥	1
Made my day efficient 🌹thank you ❤️	1
Fabulous app thare is all type for making schedule . Very helpful app for me 👌👌	1
Very nice app not irritating and helping students Really	1
This app is just amazing.	1
Great app, it's absolutely perfect for what I do, the only gripe is that the comment section on the schedule block could be bigger, it limits me and I can't jot down everything I can. I hope the developers will see this message and extend it as I think it's an easy fix and would benefit a lot of users very much, thanks!	1
Nice app	1
I reallly liked this app for my phone and i also suggest all to download the app fastly .my words are less to describe the app and it is really the best app and brilliant app	1
The design looked much better before, especially the widget. Wish there was a way to switch to previous design. Edit - it seems that the widget design is growing on me, so I changed the rating. Functionally the app is still great.	1
Awesome app! Really I didn't think I'd be able to manage my schedules and daily routines so easily. UI is really valued here. You really have to use this app now.	1
Incredible, scheduling app, it's like having your own diary secretary. Keep up the good work. Please provide the option to back up in the cloud.	1
I needed a simple app that I can schedule my day throughout. This has a VERY simple interface and a very visually appealing aesthetic. I love it so far! What would really fit the bill even better is if I can drag and drop blocks. Sometimes I have to shift priorities and it messes up my schedule and I need to manually go in and change things in every block thereafter.	1
Now that I've been using this app for a while, I don't know how I'd survive without it! Keeps me on track and motivated, and is just plain simple while also attractive. No annoyances, easy to customize... Love it!!!	1
Great	1
I love how simple it is to schedule your activities for the day.	1
Very Nice!!!!!	1
Very useful and nice features. Helps create a routined lifestyle.	1
This app is useful for students	1
so far this app is the best...It's helping	1
Promising	1
Love the app, it serves its purpose well. I've found that routines are a must for effective and long term habit building. The latest update allows 2 tags per time slot which is awesome. But, the notes now visually appear seperate, or disconnected from the timeslot and tag. It's really just an aesthetic issue, but I do wish it were fixed.	1
The app is very handy and helpful but the tag "break" can't be removed and it occures in every task planned. That makes the good visuals unhelpful and confusing. If that would work 5 stars.	1
Очень хорошее и удобное приложение!	1
Just downloaded this app and set up everything in a snap. Super easy to use and customize hours, multiple timetables, tags, etc. Only had it for 20 minutes but love it so far! Update Aug 2020: the UI seems to be unnecessarily cluttered since the latest update. I loved the ease and simplicity and it was the only app that gave me exactly what I was looking for: a simple, clean, flexible TIMETABLING app, not a calendar or a to do list. Now it seems like they're trying to fit too much into the app😕	1
Op bolte	1
Very very very very very very very very very very very very very helpful app	1
Best app for planning and to make us follow it	1
One of the best, if not, the best schedule app with a lot of customisation .	1
It took me a bit to get the hang of doing schedules that dont happen on a regular interval, but now i love this app. i use it everyday to keep me on top of what i need to be doing. i think its going to be very useful for when school starts up this fall, considering all of my classes are thru distance learning.	1
You have to pay extra to continue after a free trial.	0
Why have I been logged out and cant reset my password to get back in?	0
I'd love to use this app if there was any other payment method than with a credit card (which I don't have and don't want).	0
Its not free	0
Thiefs!! I cancelled last year after my free trial and they still took $35.00 and refused to refund my money. I verified it was cancelled and woke up this morning to them stealing another $35.00. I don't even use their crappy product!!!!!! OH AND THERE IS NO WAY BESIDES E-MAIL TO GET AHOLD OF THEM!!	0
Downloaded free trial and looked at it first day and it wasn't really easy to use so didn't look at it again. I had no correspondence from them to tell me that the trial was over and that they were going to take the money. I find that deceptive behaviour as they are banking o people forgetting to cancel.	0
Although its.pretty I did not use it so cancelled the subscription. They have billed me again for this even though cancelled through their service and following their instructions on how to do it so ensure you use a payment method they can't override.	0
Deceiving little app! Nowhere in your app or YouTube commercial did it state that for the first 2 week trial, that you needed a credit card on file. I CAN NOT use the 2 week trial unless I have a credit card on file, that really sucks! Why call it a trail, it's more like an ambush.	0
I can't pay for it?? It says "platform error" something about "IAP not prepared", so can't do free trial either...please help	0
Why, why, why... Let us try it without forcing us to pay first. You just lost a customer.	0
Hate	0
Did not like this at all. Difficult to sync with all my different calendars and limited formatting and design options as well. Also hard to unsubscribe. Very round about process. I do not recommend this.	0
Tried to put in my first event and it failed to log it. I uninstalled it same day.	0
There's one thing that makes me crazy about apps. It's when their developers don't tell you up front what the cost is of after the free trial. So, I won't be trying this as much as I'd like to.	0
I did the free trial. This planner does NOT have push notifications. You can set up your events and appointments, even make them reoccurring, but Artful Agenda App will NOT remind you or notify you. What good is a digital planner if it does not have push notifications. If I am going to pay for an app, it should at least have most of the features a free app has.	0
Impossible to use.	0
My events show up at the wrong time in my calendar even when they've been manually entered. What's the point of a planner that doest let you plan.	0
If this was free, yeah I'd totally use this. Who honestly wants to pay to keep track of your life? Wth?	0
only option is paid subsctiption app? No thanks. I can't constantly pay for apps within my budget so I'd much rather have the option to use a version with ads.	0
Update: After I read the reply I redownloaded this app. Waste of $4.25! It's NOT WORTH ANY AMOUNT OF MONEY! Not a lot of extras to charge money AND it's only cute on a computer. The "lists" are not very easy to make and I never did find the "meal plan" or journal parts. The goal part is not on the app. Any.do is FREE and a lot easier for lists with reminders and also includes a calendar. Not worth the cost. Yeah it's cute but not as easy to use as other free calendars. Pretty disappointed...	0
Terrible! I transferred all my lists from Google to this app do they would all be in one place and they didn't save! So beyond frustrating.	0
App install page says nothing about it being a free trial for 2 weeks. So you have to pay to use this app. This is not disclosed on the app page from which you initiate install.	0
I downloaded this after seeing someone advertise it. Looked cool so I figured try it out, right? Until I downloaded and it prompted me for a subscription. Lady you are nuts. People rather by the paper agenda at the store for cheaper. You do not see the full texture of the book, it's an online planner on top of it. I'm not paying you for that. I downloaded a FREE calendar that does the exact same thing. Terrible marketing skills.	0
could you make an option to not stop the trial because i dont think some people want to do the trial and it doesn't mention that before you download the app and when you do you guys get paid.	0
It wouldn't let me try the app. It just told me to subscribe.	0
SLOW on laptop, does not sync with website. No stickers on app, just laptop. I set up my calander on my ohone, then went to desktop. I can't open up my calander unlesss I give payment info on laptop. I already set up payment in Google Play. And to get to that screen takes a LONG time.	0
You can't even try it out. They are automatically asking you to pick a subscriber plan before you can even see a calendar or anything.	0
This is a pay to play calendar only	0
This app is a total rip-off! I stupidly paid for the one-time subscription of $35.00, had the app less than one hour. The print was so tiny I could barely see it. A lesson learned the hard way...no more app subscriptions for me. Users beware! Forewarned is forarmed. Hang on to your wallets if you try out this app!	0
Doesn't work. Error messages appear everywhere when I open the app.	0
always freezing	0
Love it! I hope we get more stickers but its great.	1
Great app - on a tablet. However, I have one issue. When I create a repeated task, say to repeat daily, when I check it completed the first time, all subsequent days are checked complete. This defeats the purpose of creating a repeating task. Hope you guys can fix it! Love the service.	1
YOUR LIFE WILL BE CHANGED BY THIS APP! I have always used paper planners. I've also used digital planners. I also have my digital calendars. This app takes all of those platforms and makes a beautiful pastry! You need a list? They've got lists! And stickers! Really. It's a no brainer	1
I love this app and have (almost) been converted to digital rather than a paper planner (and that's purely because I enjoy spending afternoons designing and stickering a paper planner). I love the stickers and the changeable covers. I also love that you can pick 'handwriting.' I've been using it for a few months now and am paying but so far there's been no problems with it and it gets up dated with new stuff regularly. Whether you prefer using a digital planner or not, get this, you'll love it!	1
This is the best purchase I've made this year. I love planners but this one is my favorite. I can organize on my laptop and take it to go with my phone. It's cute and pretty, and there are so many cover options. The whole thing syncs with Google calendar and I love that about it. If you're on the fence, take a risk, you won't regret it! 😁	1
I love this planner! I finally feel like I am truly organized. The widget feature is amazing because I am easily able to see what's on the agenda. The push notifications are great! I have this on my phone, laptop, and tablet. Plus it is so cute!!!	1
User friendly! All the things I look for in a paper agenda...now on my phone.	1
Tip top! Customer service great! Just a bit expensive...	1
Love this app so much. I used to be a Happy Planner person, but it took to much work to make things pretty before functional. This agenda puts everything at my fingertips, plus has beautiful layouts and stickers. So many great features. I am a digital agenda convert thanks to Artful Agenda	1
I had 2 digital and 2 paper calendars before Artful Agenda; not anymore! Artful Agenda combines the best of paper -- visual, attractive, stickers, and colors -- with the best of digital -- space for everything, invite others, link to video, directions, viewing all of your calendars together or view just one, always available, and of course REMINDERS! The annual subscription is less than most yearly planners but allows you to plan years out, if you want. Try it!!	1
I stumbled upon this site as an ad popped up on my Instagram feed... normally I would scroll past but something caught my eye and I'm so very glad that I followed the link.  I signed up instantly as I too have been searching for something less mundane and more customisable than Google Calendar and this meets all my expectations just perfectly. I am telling all my friends and just bought my Mum a subscription for her birthday as she'll love it! Thank you for inventing it. You've made my year.	1
This app is perfect! I've been looking for a great digital planner that I can sync on everything. I have an Android as a personal phone, iPhone for work, Mac for personal laptop, and PC for work. For suggestions, I would like more sticker packs, a habit tracker, and finance section. Great job!	1
I really love this app. I am a planner loyalist, and have planners and journals for everything, the only thing I would love to see is the ability to turn the pages. Like on Google Playbooks. And other planners. I hope this feature will be added soon. Thanks Katy, for a great job on putting this together ❤	1
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!! Roll over incomplete task with an automatic default is EXACTLY what I needed!!!! (I love the new covers too, but holy cow, this feature is LIFE CHANGING!!!!)	1
I love AA! I mostly use the list options that are available. They have helped me manage my time better and give me a place to keep up with all those "To-Do's" that always pop up!	1
The BEST agenda ever!! LOVE THIS APP!	1
This is EVERYTHING I've been looking for! The price is reasonable considering the amount I spend on paper journals and supplies, it actually probably saves me... The response from reps is amazing. Sure, there's more room for improvement but you can absolutely see the work they are doing and the ears they have on their customers to continue rolling out new features that we ask for. I can't wait to see how much better it continues to get. I'm in love!	1
I tried this app a long time ago, and it's come so far! I'm using it to replace an analogue bullet journal, and it has nearly everything I need now! Maybe the only thing missing would be the option to insert pictures into lists, to keep track of hand-drawn diagrams and stuff. Otherwise, I love it!!!	1
This is a fantastic app and well worth the money! I have been using it now for 2 months and it has replaced my paper planner I never thought that would be possible. If you're debating on getting it they have a free trial period to help show how amazing it truly is.	1
Absolutely loving electronic planner. I've been looking for something that fits what I need for AGES and once it has recurring tasks,it will have everything I need 😍 I've contacted support a few times and the response is really quick and resolves queries at first attempt.	1
This Agenda has changed my life. I can easily switch between family, business and personal calendars. I can color code events and the tasks lists have made my followups in business, and my daily home tasks seamless. Im no longer the mom losing my mind (as much anyway). I HIGHLY recommend!!!!	1
I really like this app and I'm stoked to hear about upcoming updates that will be game changing. This app is just what I'm looking for. A functional and attractive agenda to replace my physical planner	1
The developers of this digital planner have done a wonderful job! I feel like Goldilocks and the 3(00) planners because I've tried so many before this. THANK YOU for making this multi platform accessible... that is the reason I was able to sign up! I cannot wait to see what other features and development you do, but for now I am really happy with the great mix of function and design.	1
I don't do "free trials" where my credit card information is mandatory to try it out first Edit:. Still don't like the above but I have to say the app is about perfect for me in every way. It's everything I could ask for in a planner app, and I love that it also integrates with Outlook. It's brilliant and worth the money	1
Love how functional and pretty this planner is! I paper plan but this is perfect for on-the-go.	1
🖤IT	1
This app is adorable but i'll never really use it. Its too bland. Great colors and styles just not enough to keep me interested.	1
Exactly what I needed, feels fancy like a paper planner but syncs perfectly with online calendars!	1
Where do I start. I'm a paper planner addict, but I work in the Healthcare Field and can't bring all pens, stickers, and other paraphernalia. I cannot believe I can work on my schedule from my laptop and it immediately transfers to my phone. I'm floored. What a great thing, not to mention it's only going to get better as time goes! It gives me a bit of peace and calm to work on my planner during the day, thank you Kate!	1
Love this app!! I'm much more organized with it!	1
Obsessed.	1
This is perfect. I'm able to get all of my family calendars in one place without having to lug around a traditional agenda. Also they are wonderful at fixing any issues and responding to all emails.	1
I love all of the features. Especially the lists and the stickers.	1
Super cute & functional! It syncs with both my personal (google) and work (outlook) calendars, space to plan priorities and meals (weekly/daily views) and LISTS! I don't use the stickers as much, but all the colors for events and background are enough for me right now. Can't wait for the widget to come out someday!	1
Love this app!!! It's so easy to use. It helps me be organized with the option of having multiple lists. Plus....it's colorful!!	1
I absolutely LOVE this app! I am a very OCD person when it comes to being organized and love my planner but really wanted something digital...very portable and environmentally friendly... I found it here! I love the way it syncs in seconds across my devices, phone, iPad, Google home device, and laptop. It’s super user friendly and very customizable! I tried several other digital planners and this one beats them hands down!	1
LOVE THIS APP!! This app had saved me so many stressful headaches!! The creator is ALWAYS on top of it and so helpful with everyone's questions. Install this app - you won't be sorry!	1
It's a beautiful digital calendar that u can customize with a cover and stickers and fonts - so much prettier than the standard calendar that comes on your phone!	1
Love, love, love this app!! I have been a paper planner lover for 30 years and I just switched to Artful Agenda and I couldn't be more pleased. Try it, you'll love it!!!	1
I have thoroughly enjoyed my AA ever since I found out about last year! I had been looking for an organizer that I use as a calendar and to handle my many "things to do" lists. Thank you Katy for your vision and concept.	1
I normally don't review apps, but this one is amazing. This digital planner was exactly what I wanted. Give it a try, you won't regret it.	1
This app is beautiful, and has really helped me keep my business, large family, homeschool and church activities all in order! No more chaos for this girl!	1
The perfect marriage of pen & pixel. If you love the features and visuals of a paper planner but stink at keeping up with it, this is for you. It allows me to: -sync to my Google calendars, & color code -switch an event from one Google calendar to another which even Google calendar won't let me do -look at my schedule as a single day, week, or month without having to put items in 3 different places -set and write down goals -track water & meal plan -make lists -check off tasks	1
Fun cover, stickers and layouts.	1
So I love this app- I think it's perfect for what I needed, at the time. Sadly my job changed and so did my need for a calendar/planner. Artful Agenda was still great but I found myself no longer using the stickers or really having time to add information to it. I canceled my subscription- they were super easy to work with. I still recommend this app to girls when asked - ❤❤ I love and miss Artful agenda. When my job changes again I'll be back.	1
Perfect, I'm loving every element so far ,I love that I can at some point once it's all done use it like my paper planner and sync them with my phone, I hate carrying my paper planner and also having to update my cell calendar , I love and cant wait to see and use all the coming soons I'm so excited ,I'm hoping also a widget will be something to come soon as well so that I can have it open on my phone and not always have to open the app for quick reference. Keep it up	1
Awesome app!!!	1
Love it so far! Excited for the "coming soon" items. I use a paper planner bc digital planners never seem to have the layout I want but so far this seems to be a great replacement!	1
i am loving this and plan to buy it. do you intend to add a widget for phones and tablets?	1
Omg just what I've been looking for and you can also have it on a desk top so whenever I'm working and can't reach my phone for booking clients this comes in handy, can't wait to see what is coming soon 😍😍 Edit: I went on the computer to see if there is a major difference and OMG there is I totally love the desktop site I cannot wait for more features to come I totally recommend this app to anyone🥰🥰🥰 so in love	1
great app. love it	1
This app is literally like a dream come true. It is girly and has all of the things a paper planner has but electronically. I love it!	1
I've been a paper planner girl for years! I need the pretty colors and stickers. While I still have a paper planner (that hasn't been touched for months) I needed something on my phone because with 3 kids spaced 6 years apart, we are busy. We homeschool year round as well as appointments and family stuff. Artful Agenda fits everything I need. Update on the fly and it's PRETTY! I keep a tab open on my desktop as well as the app on my phone. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐	1
Amazing planner! I've been using the desktop version linked with my Google calendar and it was working great! Now with the app, it's even better than I thought it would be! I love having all of my appointments in one place and it's so easy to use! I especially enjoy the extra feature of being able to add notes to my tasks! It has helped me stay on task with work, cleaning, and everything else!	1
The best yet!	1
My Planner system is now complete! I love the web app and now with the mobile app, my on-the -go planning is also on point. The app is fast, beautiful and a perfect planning companion. Awesome!	1
I never thought I could switch to a digital planner and yet here I am, my husband is so happy to see everything that used to take him time sifting through my calendar. We're all synced up on Google calendar now and i have the beautiful version for me to see on Artful Agenda with the lists I need to run my box and family!	1
This app is practical, beautiful, fun, and easy to use! Highly recommend!	1
I just ADORE this app. It has saved my sanity on more than one occasion. Super simple to use and I love being able to color code things. And the water tracker, my goodness.	1
love love love this!!!! its the best of both worlds - paper and digital and syncs with all your calendars ! awesome app!	1
love it. Cant wait for it to do even more.	1
Finally something that lets me feel like I'm using a paper planner but I don't accidentally leave it at home!	1
This is my dream calendar app! It works perfectly with my Google calendar while also offering list making capabilities as well as meal planning! As a mom and business owner it gives me everything I need in a digital calendar!	1
nice planner that replaced paper planner. i absolutely love it! no more spending money on Etsy for digital planners that do not give me notifications. this one does!	1
I love this app! It's a perfect replacement for my paper calendar. I love that I can have my schedule, meal plan, tasks to do and more all at the tip of my fingers wherever I am. I'm excited for all the plans they have to add even more awesome features!	1
I have been using Artful Agenda on a desktop this year and love all it's features. Now the app makes it even more accessible. I love planning meals and mapping out my day!	1
A fun and beautiful way to organize your life! I'm a huge fan!!!	1
This is the perfect calendar app! And its gorgeous to boot!	1
I have always been a paper planner girl, but now that I've tried Artful Agenda I will never go back! I love the custom covers, adorable stickers and the ability to link multiple calendars together in one place! It's extremely functional and I am obsessed with the fact that I can access it straight from my phone (and computer, too!). No more anxiety about losing my paper planner...loving this beautiful, digital way to organize!	1
as someone who is obsessed with trendy planners with pops of color I can't get enough of artful agenda. it combines the convenience of a digital calendar with the joy of having a fun planner to organize everything in. and they ade always adding new features that are awesome!	1
This is a perfect app solution for as a hybrid between digital and paper calendars. I love the "extras" to make is like my paper calendar in visual effects. I also enjoy the ability to combine multiple digital calendars into one! This is perfect!	1
I love that this app combines all of my various calendars (work and personal) to have a quick total view of my day(s). Such a timesaver!!!	1
perfect hybrid of digital and paper...im in love!	1
the perfect planner app! I'm so thankful for Artful Agenda!	1
this app is just what I have been looking for - it really feels like a paper planner.	1
This has replaced my paper planner (and I am addicted to it)! The most amazing app and product ever!	1
I love Artful Agenda!!! It is the beauty and organization of a paper planner with the convenience of being online and on my phone! love the new featured that keep rolling out!	1
I love this calendar app! This is the only digital calendar that I have been happy with! I can easily see what I have coming up. I love the 'tasks' and the ability to make my to do list right on the app...and the ability to easily snooze a task ii didn't get to until tomorrow. LOVE IT!	1
I love that all my calendars are integrated in one spot, work, school, kids, small business. its pretty, functional, tracks meals, to dos and water intake. I'm thrilled to have something pretty to add joy to my day. Thanks Beta Team!	1
Best app but the phone works slowly after downloading this app. I have noticed many times	0
Old version is better.. in new version cannot backup without premium membership... I am going to uninstall	0
1st time installation and i can't select my reminder alarm time to AM. Just stuck at PM, uninstalling ASAP. Bye	0
Good...was using it. But now will have to leave it..coz todo backup & move to other phone have to subscribe to there monthly payment plan. Tata bye bye	0
bad. no alarm or notification coming	0
I just like it, convinient	0
Became unusable. After a few months	0
Terrible experience. If you forget to acknowledge a recurring task when it reminds you, it will no longer send reminders for that task. Randomly changes "remind me when due" selection to "do not remind me". In one week, with 4 tasks per day, it has failed to remind me 9 times. Absolutely useless! ETA: AFTER THE DEVELOPERS REPLY, I checked my power saving and HAD NONE ACTIVATED. DO NOT BELIEVE HIM. DO NOT BUY!	0
The alarm option is not alarming at the time i set up a task.... So sad... I thought i found the right app for all my task	0
Bad design makes making to do lists a monumental task	0
I hav installed just a day ago and you see how when I set alarm for today it didn't even work and ring 😑... It's just a normal app with no alarm..I hate this app 😑	0
Good	0
It was good on first day...but it did not remind me. Not even the first day. Worst app ever used. 👎👎🙅🙅🙅😖😖	0
Subscription only!!! You were sarcastic first, with your remark about me wanting everything for free when I never said that or even implied it. So you stop being sarcastic/rude and stop bothering me also and I'll stop bothering you. If you don't want people to be rude then don't be rude to them. Subscription only!!!	0
Not getting notification or reminders of my tasks	0
The reminder for recuurring tasks is not working.	0
I was so happy about this app. To my big disappointment, after I lost a lot of time to set my tasks and to prioritize, I had the very unpleasant experience to have all the tasks deleted, also the name of the list and no possibility to recover. I do NOT recommend it.	0
this app not sending me any notification.	0
Bed application	0
Worst app	0
Does not repeat every two days as set. Pretty damn useless. Uninstalled.	0
Very confusing, only the creator knows...	0
I missed something very important because this app didn't notify me. The phone ran out of battery in the night - the reminder was set to 8am - and I turned on the phone at 9am. Apparently, to this app, that means to just not tell me that the reminder was supposed to go off. Garbage. This literally didn't do the one most important thing it's supposed to do.	0
Confusing	0
Not user friendly. Almost impossible to delete or edit lists. Format is garbage.	0
Too complicated	0
It is confusing.. I ws looking forward to get a list of tasks so tht I can mark it done or not done. 2nd review after receiving feedback from Dev. Steve: Steve I think I don't hv tht much time to personally write to u and I guess thts why play store has review system. I hope this helps. Thnks. If possible try to b polite to ur future customer.	0
Useless app. It dint give any notification.	0
No alarm/reminder 🙄	0
Not working	0
I have one old version backup file and now it is not getting restored. Please help	0
This app is ridiculous. You can't delete tasks, move the sub tasks around, modify, or makes notes as the project evolves. It's not intuitive. Essentially I had to write out my list on a piece of paper to build the order. Once it was correct then enter it to this app, which makes this app pointless. Must be the free version's nuisance features driving you towards the paid version.	0
Useless app... Niether Reminder nor notifications ping... Wasted too much time on ficing issue.. Even followed developer's instructions..	0
How is it possible to be unable to restore my data?	0
I'm struggling with this app. I'm trying so hard to like it but there are basic things that I want it to do that it doesn't seem to be able to do. 1: It doesn't seem to be able to set a reminder for a whole list to alert me during any particular day. Instead I seem to have to set an alarm for each task which means that I would have alarms going off all day. That would drive me insane! 2: It isn't possible to contact the developer through the app. Quite bizarre!	0
Looked at the reviews for a solution but The app dev just blames the phone (it's never the same phone) for causing the app not to work. I'm having the same problems of the alarm for a task not going off, not even a notification. Blaming the phone when you so it's not just one device is lazy.	0
Snoozing and recurrence behave erratically, thus alarms often don't happen when they should. Developer did support, separately and only up to a point, issues with notifications which are specific to my device.	0
Use Google Tasks! It's much better and FREE 🥳 You have to subscribe £1.50 a momth to get full use of this 🤣🤣🤣🤣 It's a basic reminder app. Had it have been a one of payment of a tenner then I'd have brought it but I hate it when you have to subscribe, especially for something so basic as this. They do it so you subscribe and forget about it. Just greed.	0
Unresponsive widget, did not work at all on my phone.	0
## You "reaching out" has not, in any way, addressed the question I asked, I'll uninstall. Thanks anyway. ## * Rather disingenuous response. When doing a local backup it informs the user that Manual backup "will be removed in a future version". Why would I continue using it if I will not be able to to do a local back up my data at some point "in the future" ? * I don't use the "cloud" so this will be useless to me if I can't backup locally.	0
2nd Edited review: The app is worst for reminders since it takes many minutes to fire. Which simply means, the app is worthless. Now the customer service told me that I'm using a cheap device, when in fact it i m using a premium budget phone. Bulls**t customer service as well since they clearly can't take the blame like a real man/woman. Bunch of frauds n scammers tryna make their customer buy their failed invention. Go fu*k urself customer service! Good luck selling nud*s coz u failed it here!	0
Mr. Stephen today i setted my daily schedule with remainders on this app. But any single remainder didn't rang with alarm, It doesn't notified me about my tasks & schedules.	0
I'm better with myself nowadays. Cheers	0
Alarms and notification is not working ...even after battery optimization being disabled...checked all the settings	0
Thr notion of paying a monthly fee for this is laughable. I will stick with Todoist for a fre more bucks a month.	0
Confusing and clunky.	0
Updated and now no longer sends the task again set to daily if you dismiss the notification.	0
Absolutely useless, worked once then never again. Am now living in amonst my household waste like stig of the dump 👍🏻	0
Unable to restore,app version mismatch? I just download the app and then i make a backup copy then, uninstall and restore it back again and that what it says. Please do fix it and also make some Auto backup or Auto save features	0
I tried it and didn't like it. It wasn't as easy to use and more complicated than needed to be.	0
It is given reminders	0
No reminder for tasks	0
Sir plzzz ad some more option like Upcoming task and DONE TASK SO THAT I CAN SEE ALL DETAIL ABOUT MY UPCOMING PROJECT AND HISTORY IN SEPRATE OPTIONS OBOUT THIS And add repeat option until i will not stop or snooz the task Some time i m not able to see my mob. So if it will repeat automatically after some duration until i am not select any option And yes i know there is option about repeat i am talking abour different one like auto until i will not choose any option	0
Unable to share to do list with another account	0
Have been paying for premium each month for several months now and now it's not syncing across devices and its telling me to upgrade to premuin on both fone and 2nd device when iam paying for premium (pathetic)... Canceling subscription and uninstalling!	0
Very poor application.... Repeating reminder not working...useless app	0
It does'nt work at all. No alarm,no notification nothing at all even after going thru all the settings. Just wonder how your app get its 4.7 rating.	0
**UPDATE**. I uninstalled this app. It now causes my phone to crash when I reboot-which is everyday. *******I downloaded this app because the other app I was using wouldn't always notify me. Also, they recently decided to change from an analog clock face to having to scroll (similar to a digital clock) to set the due time. I tested this app before I started copying all my tasks, but I came across a problem. When creating a repeat, there is no way to set it to do a certain day of the month (ie: the 3rd Saturday of the month, or the Last Sunday of the month). This is a big issue for me because I have certain things I want to do, but it's not always on the same date of the month. Hopefully, this can be added/changed soon.	0
Dose not work	0
Just a list app. You can't do anything else unless it's on a list.	0
Too complicated and time consuming to set a task. No way to repeat on a monthly basis and specific day of the week at the same time. Not worth the time it takes to use it. Uninstalling.	0
When i set to remind me daily it shows even in past and it doesn't remind me kindly let me know the way to set it proper	0
Why isn't this app getting downloaded There is some issue with the app It had been recommended to me by my buddy but this thing isn't getting installed on my phone	0
Why was I charged $1.49 for this app? I was charged 2/4/2020.	0
Monthly payments for a todo app? Not gonna happen, thank you.	0
Too hard to use	0
Lag all the time	0
What should I do if I want more sublists ?! There is no way ! 🙁	0
Scheduling reminder intervals does not work!!!!	0
This app just isnt for me	0
Usless	0
Can only put 5 tasks before having to pay	0
I just removed this app! I missed several events in the last couple of months because it did not notify me!!!!!	0
Subscription only. No outright purchase. Too bad. Seems like a nice app.	0
Used it until simple backup was premiumized. Restore wont work between different versions unless you modi-hack the file. Author would not tell you that you can do it though if you ask his help ! . Restore dont recognize my backup file at all so all my lists are basically inaccessible now. Will never install this again and I suggest anyone who values his data not to !	0
Very pricey	0
Has no sign in option only export and the file won't open, so unless you have an IT friend you lose your file which meant all the stuff I put in tasks has gotten lost. If the developer revolves this is I will edit this review.	0
The alarm doesn't work	0
Definitely I appropriate your hard work and this app different from all those big guys apps, but question is if someone lost the phone or uninstalled the app, what is the purpose this app?, So i'm just suggesting, > you can limit the how many task can be added by users without premium >Opt. In Ads for auto backup	0
I deleted a list but I still get alarms for one of the tasks in that list, even after restarting my phone.	0
Dont work, the best it got was the vibration notification worked. I can't get any sound at all from this app.	0
I removed this paid app. I missed about a dozen events over the few months I owned this. I would look at the app a few minutes after an event was supposed to pop up, and it showed that it had missed. I'm trying out Simple Calendar, which testing seems to work better.	0
Need to make more convinient I just set 3 time alarm for the task but it didnt work	0
I cant even get on thing on the opening page much less start a list??	0
Bad	0
A simple app that could not be more complicated to operate.	0
No hourly reminder.	0
This app is not the best.	0
💩👎💩👎💩👎💩 👻☠️ IMPOSSIBLE TO DELETE LIST, OR SUB LISTS (TABS)!!! ☠️👻 REGRET v2.0 UPGRADE!! 👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎💩👎	0
Absolutely terrible. Most unless app I have downloaded, to date.	0
Always missing the notifications even when it is not optimized and restricted in background.	0
No good	0
Only get about half of the reminders	0
Awful hard to start, impossible to figure out	0
Would be nice if you could import tasks from other applications, but not only is that a problem, but importing from a previous version of Tasks is impossible too? Nevermind. I'll just stick to what I got.	0
Edit: I'm using this application many year since release. And i'm loved it and donate, Now you make this application subscription $15 a year? Really?? Not happy with that...	0
I do not like the functionality of the app. I found it is very easy to delete a sub list. But if you create a second list I could not figure out how to delete it after going through all settings. I also did not like the fact that you can only add one item within the sub list. Other people may be okay with these nuances, but for me it's not. I only use this app for about a half an hour and then deleted it.	0
Recurrent tasks don't work	0
Not good. Wasted time.	0
Can't rely for reminders. No alarm comes even if I select Alarm. Because of relying on this app I missed an important task.	0
there are better and simple other apps which provide automatic online sync or backup feature like Micr_oso_ft's to do, and many other. why people think this app easy, it's not. I donated on this app and wasted.	0
Over complicated	0
Extremely unintuitive.	0
Garbage. The one time I can't remember if i checked the notification for taking my medication or not, there was no way to go and see which days I checked it or not. What's the point of that?	0
Dear developers, thank you for deleting all my reminders after updating the app! It was not pleasant at all, believe me!	0
Loved for a while. One fine day my subtasks got deleted. It was in a task for which i didn't set any due date. Bad experience.	0
Don't use this unless you sync your tasks. The backup and restore functionality from one device to the next is bad.	0
It'hs just too complicate to use for me	0
pangit	0
Too complicated	0
Was really enjoying this & then the notifications just stopped which is a big part of what I needed the app for:( annoying, finding a new app for this now	0
Terrible app	0
Worst apk reminder not work	0
Doesn't sync to calendar	0
Well it's broken now. I haven't messed with any settings in or out of the app and now there's no alarm. It just vibrates. I checked and it all still has the alarms and correct sounds yet it only vibrates when it shows a reminder. Why do these reminder apps always break?	0
Used to work ok, now, something is skrewy. Now, if I restart my phone, EVERY SINGLE task comes up as a notification, never mind of when the tasks were/are due, and the schedule I set. Now, after I dismiss tasks, they pop up again, ignoring its schedule. Also, wish app could remember which day the task is for. If you have a daily task that you complete after midnight, it thinks you completed it early and won't remind you later that day. Finally, wish app opened to an overview of all lists.	0
Nice good	0
How can one trust an app that is supposed 2 help organize, when u misspell "Organize."	0
doesn't allow you to do a Samsung back up and restore	0
Doesn't have a built-in backup and even after exporting a backup file - an error shows up. Additionally, the support email is an invalid email address. A total waist of time for setting it.	0
i don't want to name EVERYTHING!!!!!!😣😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠	0
it was great until it disappeared. Very unhappy that I lost the app and ALL my info.	0
It doesn't ring the alarm at the right time. only when I open my phone, it starts ringing. useless for me because I want it to ring at the right time and remind me on my realme phone. Highly disappointed! :(	0
I don't get a notification or any alarm after i set the due date reminder at all. I've already tried a couple of times how do i fix this. My settings also allow notifications for the app. Also how do i set widget on home screen thanks.	0
it doesnt do any thing its gliched everytime i open it	0
I wanted a to do list.. this is not such.. continually asking to name things unnecessarily complicated ~ KISS	0
Too complicated, trying to add items to a list, it keeps trying to use the item names instead to make a new list or send the old list to this.	0
When you try to write a task and you want to set the reminder at the same time you have to make a reminder for each one and its wasting my time. If I could I would rate this app 0 stars	0
When I share a list with someone over messenger or sms, just the name of the list is shared, not the actual list with an ability to collaborate	0
Swipe to delete is terrible. Takes almost 5 swipes so work rendering the app useless.	0
after few months it started not checking the task. I mean I check and few hours later it is unchecked. it should be cleared and the next date for the same task should be displayed, example: task 1 to date 01/jan/2019 and repeat task 1 to date 01/feb/2019. after checking the task for January the task for February should be displayed, but after some time the task for January is unchecked.	0
my mobile is getting switched off after installing.it worked fine on 1st day of installing. please fix it	0
too much setup. i just want to write my notes not title & subtitle everything! on the plus side, no permissions🙂	0
I consider it as not easy to use.	0
USELESS. SO CONFUSING TO USE. CANT SET SIMPLE REMINDERS	0
Reminders are not showing notifications for the past 1 week to me sir .. 😢	0
Thought this was a great app until I realized it doesn't get rid of the "checked" daily tasks to remind you of the new daily tasks... and that is exactly what I was using this for... DAILY tasks I need done. When I check "remove checked tasks" it does NOTHING and those checked tasks just stay there. :(	0
Terrible!!! I'm not getting the pre alerts I set or the reminders themselves. I go in to check on upcoming reminders & see outdated ones in red that never alerted me!!	0
I use it for awhile then deleted 👎 It is take more time to use than other Note Apps., confusing and have no reason to keep it ⭐ Many better Note Apps out there ⭐	0
ive tried this app 2 times. Its great but everytime i use it it installs pop up adds all over my phone. As soon as I go to open one app their is an add...not cool. I deleted it for the 3 and final time.	0
alarms and notifications don't work which is crucial to an organiser	0
Looked good, but wasn't. After installing Tasks, my keyboard stopped appearing for all my apps. It was only when I removed Tasks (as a last resort) that the keyboard appeared again.	0
Needlessly compicated for a to do list app. try to add a new item to your list and youll accidentally add a new list. try to swipe to switch between lists and youll remove an item from your list. What did you just remove? Hard to say, cant seem to find an undo option among the numerous other options.	0
useless	0
app is awesome, but in this no login facility and assign task	0
I settled an alarm on this app. But it never popped up. This looks like a great app but please fix this. All my notifications in this app is open.	0
This app will not update nor uninstall properly. Fix it and I'll try it again.	0
at the beginning was good but i wait two months later and the app keep putting back as not done reminders that i mark as done already and the other task that have date and mark as priority don't even showed me, if you can fix that ill stay with the app otherwise i will keep looking... sadly the only remid app that work good was the apple one but i don't have iphone anymore so? came on please make this one work	0
Unable to manage easily.. complicated	0
Date, no time.	0
it was alright in the beginning but search bar disappeared after adding my tasks. guess there is bug who can't handle long task list. not recommending.	0
Notifications only come up when you come app	0
I set a reminder to do a task daily at a certain time, however, this app does not retain the same time on the daily reminders. it will remind you and set the task to do but at an earlier time.	0
Tried making a simple to do list. Was gone when I went back later	0
App is very buggy. Completed tasks keep showing up as not completed. Notification alarm won't work. Uninstalling.	0
Sucks	0
I am not able to set the time . It is automatically taking the remainder timing	0
NO INSTRUCTIONS I can't even get started because there are no instructions. I put in list title groceries and that's it when I try to make a list it asks for sub titles won't let me even start a list just sends ya in circles DELETE DELETE	0
Hard to set up	0
After a week my tasks never showed up. Completely stopped working 👍	0
Does not work	0
Do not have the account sync feature, how we backup data when we change device ?!	0
Doesn't even have a repeat feature	0
It's takes a lot of space	0
It's too difficult to understand	0
Downloaded the ap. Created a title for the list but then there wasn't any option of anything. The "list" disappeared and there were no instructions or help features to actually create the list items. The title vanished anx the s reen was lanm.couldnt then find the "list" anywhere...no list, no title, nothing. Stupid.	0
Horrible it wouldnt even let me make a note	0
This is really great app	1
Helps to keep on track. Thanks	1
Love this app! Not only helps me organize my tasks but also makes me feel great at the end of the day seeing how much I accomplished!	1
Best of its kind. Just what I was looking for.	1
Muy útil. Me encanta	1
So helpful!	1
I think the notification problem is already solved :)	1
It is great if u want to keep thngs organized	1
Best customer experience! I have been using this app for a long time. Really versitile and pleasing to the eye. Recently switched phone and was having some trouble getting everything to work. Contacted customer service for help. Super supportive, replied quickly, and problem successfully solved! Would recommend nothing else!	1
I use this app everyday! It is really helping me stay on track!!	1
👍	1
This app is AMAZING. Never ever going to uninstall it from my phone. I only wish there was an affiliate program so I make money from my recommendations lol	1
Very Nice app	1
Simplismente incrível!!!	1
I looooooooooooooooove it	1
Helpful.	1
Very easy to manage	1
Very handy. Well designed. Good app.	1
Excellent	1
Great app!!	1
Its a nice app. But i wish when i add it to my homescreen it shows all my notes. It make me chose one the tasks and i cant see the others. Edit: thank you steve for the fast reply! I didnt like the filter bec. I also want to see them seperate not all together. But using a second widget helped. Here, 5 stars 😊	1
10.25.20 Still amazing app! Hoping for option to display calendar view on widget! 10.6.20 Have to gush about how amazing this app is again! From the colors (I'm a designer and fine artist so colors help me organize) to on point organizational capabilities and lack of ads + beautifully functional customizable design, this app is literally the glue holding my life together! So grateful for the creator and the app ♥ 9.17.20 Perfect,love the color options,organization,and every thoughtful feature	1
Great app. However backups were disabled for non premium users, which made me sad. Happy to support the dev with premium and 5 stars tho.	1
Love it	1
Great app!	1
So easy and effective. Even a little fun!	1
Love this app. It is super user friendly. And the color coding options help me stay organized in a fun way. 😁 I strongly recommend this app to anybody who enjoys a to-do list	1
Keeps me up to date with my task helps alot	1
Great 'to do' app, attractive and clear	1
I've been using this app for years now and I love it. Great app.	1
Amazing nd loved it , tq to developer	1
Brilliant app, straightforward with nice features and no, I repeat, no annoying ads 🙂. Thanks! 😀	1
Simple and nice interface. Didn't expect much didn't get dissappointed.. Try it yourself	1
Great so for keeping to do list, grocery list, etc. Easy to create, update, sort, copy, & share.	1
Easy to use and very helpful	1
Pretty Satisfied I have only used it to capture things I think of that I need to do. I can assign a priority but I haven't explored all the options for incorporating it in to my calendar or anything else. I think I will get more use from it once I take a little time with it. I don't plan on paying for the full version so read the fine print.	1
Love this app, very easy and intuitive.	1
I use it mostly for grocery shopping. I know the layout of the store, so I drag the items into the order I'll see them in the store.	1
Great app, great support also!	1
This is the best app that replaced my planner!! I literally recommend this to all my friends and family.	1
Works well, handy tool	1
It is the best app,I've ever seen.It really has changed my life.I just hope that it could have a default list.	1
My experience gas been good so far 👌👌.	1
Easy navigation..simple ..clean with alarm ..etc...After trying 10..I found this one the best..perfect10	1
THE BESTTTTTTTT	1
So far, I'm loving it. Edit: I've been using it for more than a month now and it been very helpful in organizing the many tasks that I must do for my business.	1
Great App like it so far	1
Love the way this app is organized	1
It has all I need to plan my tasks	1
This app is great! Now I could know what would I do. It's really good for school as well.	1
When I was offered a management position I had to get organised this app did just that!!	1
Awesome	1
Useful in orgnanizing lists and tasks, along with sub-lists and notes. Easy to use, and can set reminders and due dates.	1
It's nice, simple, and helps me to make lists that I can check off.	1
Easy to keep track	1
This app is great! I have ADHD and also have had a lot of trouble finding an app that works, but I really love this one. :)	1
Excellent, easy to use application to help keep you focused on what needs to be done.	1
The ultimate task, list, and reminder organizer app! Tasks does a wonderful job at taking the work out of managing tasks, projects, and lists. It supports multiple lists, sub-lists, priorities, due dates. Notes can be added to each item and drag & drop makes it easy to manually sort. Premium version is well worth the productivity gains and time savings I get - all for the price of about 3 cups of coffee! ☕☕☕😀 Highly-recommended. Very good and responsive developer support as well. 👍👍🏻	1
easy to add tasks and set reminders. love it!	1
EXACTLY what I wanted! I'll never make a list on paper again!!!	1
its a great app without ad. most things are fully customizable	1
I love being able to move tasks, tick them off and have them move to other lists or the bottom of the list. I can do sub lists and break things down into steps. Helps me to feel motivated and keep track. I struggle with getting distracted so it's a very helpful app.	1
Great	1
Exceeded my expectations & helps me a lot with things I need to do & morning routines.	1
This is by far the best task managing app I've ever used to date, and its suprisingly versatile.	1
Love the colors and multiple lists. Easy to use n looks great!	1
Simple to use/understand, dependable, flexible, and therefore the best designed USEABLE task lister I've ever found. Great job, devs!	1
Best task list ever every other task list was terrible the others didn't have a alarm So download this game	1
Good	1
The best	1
This thing really works. I've been getting so much more done.	1
Easy and helpful	1
I love it. It does exactly what I need it to do.	1
It's useful. I m just learning to use it	1
It really helps me stay organized. I used to write my list on paper and would sometimes lose it. This is great all in one place.	1
Super impressed with this app and its simple task note widget	1
Brilliant app! Very sensibly designed, intuitive to use, does everything I need. The best organiser app I've come across (and I've tried quite a number). Thanks for the great work, Stephen!	1
I switched from another time tracking app to this one. I like the way you can see all the time on one page and easily edit that information. Reporting is easy also. Switching work type on-the-go is very convenient. It has many configurable units as well. I recommend this to anyone needing to track their work time.	1
Very useful. Well designed.	1
Long time I'm using . Very good app	1
Good app ! Lists, sublists and reminders available along with additional comments for each of it.	1
Easy to use	1
Great! Very helpful. Love that I can create recurring tasks!	1
Does what it does, stays out of the way otherwise. Good control over notifications, and easy to use.	1
Been using this app for years, and its only gotten better with every new update! This is my most important app! I use the tasks app to do everything from actually making lists for like shopping and stuff, to recording dreams and making plans!	1
Great app for forgetful minds	1
Great app, exactly what i needed.	1
I love this app. Keeps everything organized and is so easy to use	1
This app is easy to use and it helps me a lot!	1
Wonderful. Finally an app that works. Have tried hundreds of task list type apps. This one is designed perfectly. Thanks. Will probably buy pro version	1
I can organize my shopping into different departments and swipe from one department to another without having to exit one list and open another. Makes shopping much easier!	1
Nice app	1
Finished / checked tasks reappear after a time as unfinnished	1
I really appreciate the creator responding immediately so I'll definitely give this app a 5 star. It's pretty convenient to use and supposedly the issue that I have is not being able to add more than one of its widget but I guess that's already in my phone's model feature not the app itself.	1
Superb!!!!	1
I love that the widget is right there on home screen.	1
ای لاو ایت	1
Good app	1
It's great to get reminders to complete tasks. Also, it's useful to be able to add items to my grocery list when I am out and about. Plus, once an item is added, I can mark it as picked up without deleting it from my list for next time.	1
Good	1
Simply Awesome	1
I like the way it looks	1
It's really a good app because I can set-up alarms for different uses. (Sadly for many times the alarm set didn't alarm on time. I hope in the future they could fix this. This is really important because I need many reminders every week that I shouldn't miss or else other people could be affected.) I tried before setting an alarm in my phone's alarm app but doesn't look good. This one really works for me, a big help. Thanks. 😁	1
I like it. I know all the drawing I started and need to finish :)	1
Ideal app to keep me organized	1
best to do list 💕✨	1
So far I love it. Clear and simple to navigaye. Able to make my lists in cour coding. Also nice design, fir the creative.	1
Very helpful for me to memorize scripture and keep up with daily as well as weekly work tasks	1
This is the perfect app! It feels like it's custom made for me!	1
The best 👌	1
Great apo	1
User friendly and compatible with other apps in use. I enjoy this app very much.	1
Advanced and has all the functions caked into one, eliminating the need for other task management apps	1
Great muti-organiser with multiple lists	1
Great app! Have been using it for a while and it really helped me to get my life together.	1
Very nice and helpful app	1
Great app! Very versatile and customizable.	1
Keeps me organised throughout the day, something that is so important as I tend to get distracted by things that are more appealing. Thank you so much for this great app that keeps me on track 🙂	1
Easy to use	1
Very helpful, simple to use app that helps remind me what I need to do and what my priorities are for the day or the week. It's helped me stay on track and supported creating new habits. Highly recommend!	1
love it	1
Found it, used it, I love it	1
It's perfect,I love it.😍😍😍	1
Cool	1
This is the app to get! Insanely helpful getting me to keep track of all the things I need to get done daily for my home business homeschooling stay at home mom chores and personal tasks ect. Love the colors love to cross off tasks and i love time stamp on completed tasks. Can't think of anything that would improve the app. Perfect. Love it.	1
Very easy to use	1
It's just perfect	1
Keeps me stay organized	1
Nice and easy to keep track of day to day tasks as well as longterm and continuous tasks.	1
Best task app ever, strongly recomended	1
Use it daily. So far so good	1
this is my favorite to do list app, it just 😌👌it has sublists and everything. i've been using it for a bit with only one downside. adding tasks from a widget opens the app, which kinda defeats the point of the widget. great app 👌👌	1
Haven't had it long. Seems to do the trick, I travel often and need a way to organize packing lists for varied destinations and I like having a way to keep up with shopping needs, things I'm expecting in the mail, and things I want to remember to bring next time.	1
Simple and effective	1
Great, simple, pretty (love the colors), intuitive app. Love it! The developer is super responsive and helpful. This has quickly become my favorite of all the productivity apps I have used over the years. Thank you!	1
This app is awesome. I love that you can have lists and sublists. And how you can set alarms.	1
Wonderful apps remind me of those important dates, such as credit card statements, utility bills that you don't want to miss.... simple to use, you can set up a reminder in less than 30 seconds. Highly recommended.	1
The app is pretty good, even without premium. It lets you organize and customize your tasks, give lists different colours and even has a dark mode.	1
Perfect, everything I wanted, exactly how I wanted it	1
It is great app to keep me organized.	1
Really enjoy this application. Definetly keeps me organized and super easy to add, subtitle and correct. I grade it a 10.	1
Very helpful	1
It is easy to use, i like it! If i got a job someday i'll definietly upgrade to premium.	1
Have been using this app for about a month now to list jobs and to do around the house. Easy to list all things needing done to remind you of what's still needed and what is finished.	1
Very useful and very easy to use	1
Easy to use. Love the colors. Helps me stay organized.	1
Handy app	1
This is the best one of these apps. Ignore the other ones just get this.	1
You will gonna Love this app i swear	1
best, but smtimes missing my notification, please make more reminder option, and more hard to rid it)	1
Just started using the app and I am impressed so far. One thing I haven't figured out how to do yet, is setting a repeating task based on the day of the month, i.e., the first Wednesday of the month or the last Friday of the month, etc. (Updated rating and review) I just updated my rating from 4 stars to 5, because of the responsiveness of the developer.	1
Really enjoying this app. Love the sub-list feature and the ability to move task to another list.	1
this app helped me organize myself, thank you!	1
Easy to add and remove tasks. I need simple or I wont do it. Lazy? Maybe but I'm being real.	1
Easy to use and intuitive!	1
Hvn't bn using very long but so far it's been a great app. Only issue I have is when working on a list, if I pause to check something then go back to Tasks screen it defaults back to another list instead of the one I've been working on; so hv to be careful something doesn't accidently wind up on the wrong list. UPDATE: Developer took the time to reply same day with a logical & reasonable explanation.	1
Useful app to organise tasks	1
I love this app. This is very helpful for me especially for my studies. It notifies me and it easier for me to take down or type down my assignments or requirements that needs to be accomplish.	1
Great app, easy to use 👍	1
This is actually a really beautiful, well made app. Blessed to have found it, thank you.	1
Works well, easy to manage love the "subtask"	1
I really liked the sublist	1
I really love this app. Very clean cut and simple. Very helpful.	1
Great app!	1
So far ..great. keeps me from forgetting things I need to do	1
Love the widget. Love how you can easily reorder tasks. Love how you can check and uncheck things. I use this for meal planning, time blocking, and cleaning tasks.	1
Nice work	1
love this app so much <3 it's helped me out a ton!	1
I really like many of the function, especially since they are easy to use. Now if I may say, I would like to see a more elaborate calendar set up much like the one used in Google Calendar where the user can see the whole month at once. Plus, it can be very useful to add an option where tasks are set up where they repeat even if the user has missed a deadline for a previous one. I'm a college student and I like to see what sorts of homework I have done and which ones I have missed.	1
Has been very useful this past year, no longer need to think or stress about a long list of tasks.	1
Nice listing options	1
I actually never ever write comments or anything about an app, but this one is too good. I have so many assignments that are due and lots of work and its overwhelming. I was searching everywhere for a decent app, and this one was the best. You can set alarms or notifications for assignments, you can title each subject, color code everything, qnd its just a great app. No citiques from meh	1
Keeps me organized with my assignments	1
The reminders on my phone quit working, I found this and used it as a replacement. Best reminders app ever. It helps me stay really organized I I reccomend it	1
UPDATED: After getting feedback from the developer I now see that you can set up repeat tasks, you just have to set a due date before the option appears. I use this app almost daily and I love the ability to have sub task lists. Now that I know how to set repeat tasks I anticipate using it even more. Thank you Stephen for reaching out to me and helping me with your app. Got your fifth star up there now. 😄	1
It is easy to use	1
Beautiful app. So thankful that it's free. Helps me so much with managing both school and life tasks.	1
Excellent app for to do lists and reminders either by alarm or notification. Would love if it also added a banner to the locked phone screen	1
Tried several other to do lists but liked this one better. Helps me to make myself reminders, just have to remember to make the lists. It's hard getting old.	1
So glad I found this app. I used Google Keep for years, but decided to look for a new app to replace Keep bc lists max out at 1000 to-do items, colors are limited and other probs. I'm very happy with Tasks! It has way more options than Keep. Tasks handles subtasks better, lets you move items from one list to another, set recurring tasks and check them off each day, add task level due dates, records when task were added to list. Beautiful interface and great functionality!	1
Everything works exactly as it should, it is user friendly and perfect. No nonsense and I would totally pay for this if I had to.	1
Awesome application to manage your tasks. You've all required features. Simple yet effective interface Thanks for many such nice and making everyone's life easier	1
Very useful, really like the organization of this app, tried others but this works really well.	1
I love it.	1
Excellent	1
Easy Peasy...better than little notes that get lost. Love this App!	1
I LOVE the fact that this app allows me to create subtasks. It's been extremely helpful for me! I was behind in all of my college classes (bit off more than I can chew) but this app really helped me take on the workload step-by-step. Now, two weeks later, I'm back on top of things! This app was a huge help!	1
I can got all I need in this app. Good job.	1
Easy to use and having most functions that I desire. Just one thing I would suggest: for the recurring tasks, it would be more useful if I mark completed this time but the app will remark it as an open task when it reaches half of the interval before next due date. Hope the smart developer can make it works like this way soon. Good luck! ☺	1
Easy like a checklist that is ticked off. All I need.	1
Very useful and easy to use	1
Great	1
Extremely easy. Works fast. Can organize alphabetically and many other ways. I used another app just before this one, and uninstalled it immediately to use this one instead. Thank you.	1
Absolutely love this app! It's the best To Do list app I've found, and I've tried a lot. It's just so simple and intuitive. I won't be trying any more after this. It's the one!	1
I am 76 years old: So. when I say this is a flexible, expansive, yet intuitive app you can believe me.	1
Fantastic app. I was using Samsung notes before I discovered this app. Very well laid out, easy to use, and with so many good features and options. Kudos to the developer. I don't usually provide feedback on an app due to privacy, but with this one I had to let the developer and the public know. Best in class. Thanks a million.	1
The best app for taskas and very helpful go stay on tracks. Simple and intutive. 5 stars from Serbia.	1
Easy to use and helps me stay on top of tasks	1
Nice app	1
Really easy to use, helps keep all my lists in one place. One request please: is it possible to choose to 'hide' future-dated tasks until a week before they're due, or at a specified date?	1
I used to use this app for years but it does not sync on OnePlus 7t android 10 I have to sync on Google calendar first to update events on this app!!!	0
Somehow just cleared my entire schedule	0
Xperia 5 II: Newly created tasks in device don't sync to Google tasks. Had the same problem with Xperia z3 compact. It worked on on S10e.	0
Any event with repeat will not save. New update as of Sept 2020 cannot set recurring events. And I paid years ago for full version. No longer useful.	0
I loved using this calender app to keep track of all my appointments until it suddenly deleted them all in the middle of my work day 😣 now I'm screwed	0
2 bad , not as expected, no sound alarm :(	0
Broke widget on Fold 2. Widget is stretched and distorted.	0
I had this app for less than 5 minutes on my Samsung Note 9. I also keep widgets that count down the days...all of them are empty, so I go to my old calendar after Uninstaller this one and most of my calendar events are gone!!@ This includes my work schedule and many other events...I am at my wits end about what to do to get my events back..sooo not happy right now	0
They took the ads too far and ruined the entire experience. Completely useless as a free app.	0
I uninstalled it within 20 minutes of paying for the Pro version. It was refunded. Its Pro features don't work as hoped, especially font and color customization: the unpaid version advertised *presets,* aka themes. But they did not exist in the *Pro* version. This is on an Android 10, Oxygen 10.3.1 TMUS 1+6T. Developer, your 2020.10.14 reply makes no sense: it still doesn't take into account this *particular* phone or my specific terms. I'm letting you know there's a bug. And your reply of 2020-10-19 just means you deliberately confuse the matter with nonsensical questions. This has been going on for months. It's why we're not using this app, free or paid, on *any* of our phones.	0
Thieves! I paid for the pro version on another Google account, but I had to delete that account because of a massive influx of spam and harassment. Every other developer understood my situation and was kind enough to provide me with a promotion code so that I could have full access to the software of theirs I paid for. Not these jerks! I spread the blame equally on Google for failing to provide a way to transfer purchases, and on these developers for being predatory capitalist pigs.	0
This app needs access to everything so of course like a dipshitidiot I gave access. Next time I went to sign into something else my passwords were flagged and a warning pops up stating that "an app or website has compromised your passwords". I stupidly bought this app because you cannot customize without buying, I should have deleted right then, but I still paid. Now my passwords have been compromised by this app, I'm spending extra time changing passwords to protect my data all because of the	0
Ads, trial, limited and boring. I understand of ads appearing after every now and then. But what I wanted to use was the 1 day widget on the screen. Could not even do that.there are tons of ad free apps that let you do all these. Uninstalling.	0
Now down to 1 star for the unappreciated bilingual holiday settings for BC Canada. Absolutely no need for this. The phone and app setting where the language is set to "English" should override any other situation. I didn't get a satisfactory answer from the dev. I'll keep deducting stars as long as the app doesn't improve. Update July '20: over 543 different apps and the only 1 ramming French down my phone is BC2! My 1 star won't change until you do. No change!!!	0
I had the app for long time but lately have started has the longest and most annoying advs that you can't even close your phone without watching them all. Plenty of other apps so no reason to keep it, unistall immediately.	0
Unfortunately I have to change my mind about this calender. I use this app for several years now and the prior version before, but now every now and then the app overerrides all future calender entries in my main calender. I believe it happens when the app gets an update. After the update the app syncs with the calender and overrides the Google calender so that all future entries are deleted.... This is not acceptable. Has this issue been known to be occurring? As for now this app does not work!	0
Contains too many trackers while being paid. Use aCalendar+ or even better Etar instead.	0
Keeps removing monthly scheduled events	0
Calendar notifications are forwarded to my smartwatch, in case of emergency. It is unacceptable to have commercials in those notifications, such as today's "Pro: 50% off! Unlock tons of premium features now!" Such notification spam makes me want to switch to a different calendar app. Quit it!	0
Now there are ads. I have used this app for years and there were no annoying ads. Now i randomly get a full screen ad with no way to dismiss, after saving a new calendar entry. Bad move. A small ad at the bottom of the screen would be ok, but a full screen ad that has to play all the way through? No thanks. Will find a new app. Very disappointed.	0
Junk app.	0
Been great for years. The ads are really annoying. They are long video ones that pop up every single time you add an event. Laughably the response is 'it's only every 18 hours'. Guess how often casual calendar users use the app? I wouldn't mind if it was a short add or i had to watch a video to unlock more actions, but the current cx is super annoying.	0
Ads are obnoxious. I've used this app for over 2 years and now whenever I edit a calendar event, an ad comes up and takes up my entire screen. Unfortunately I'll be looking for a new app.	0
I am upset I switch phones and don't know what happen I dont have anything I wrote in calender there anymore... and it was buisness stuff!!!	0
Don't pay for pro! I paid for the pro, changed phones and it removed my pro status and wants me to pay again!	0
Used to be good, but recently it shows full screen ads which cannot be turned off. Update: the length of the adds and impossibility to skip is getting annoying. The synchronization is not wat it was.	0
Too many ads are a deal breaker. Uninstalling.... UNSKIPPABLE ADS ARE A DEAL BREAKER!	0
This app use to be "all calendars in one app" but not anymore. So frustrating that you are not able to add anymore O365/Exchange calendars. Not willing to use 2 separate calendar apps. Sorry.	0
Uninstalling. Ad after ad after ad after ad. On and on and on and on. Sick of it, tired of it. Can't even have a simple calender app without all the ads. Done with it.	0
Ads are very intrusive	0
Ads take over the screen - unable to use phone until the ad runs through. Can't even exit the app during that period of time. Have to provide another ads option such as banner ads.	0
After using this app for a few years it has suddenly started deleting random appointments (It's done this before). The app cost me over £200 in lost earnings due to missed appointments last week so it's getting deleted and I'm going back to the stock app until I find a better one.	0
I've used this app for years and paid for the full pro version out right. Now it claims I haven't bought it and keeps putting ads in. One star until I can get this fixed.	0
Unskippable fullscreen ads in a calendar app that I paid for. Nice. At least this reminded me how much better the default calendar app is anyways.	0
Widget does not display Holidays or Birthday's? Not even the app it self shows Holidays. I uninstalled and reinstalled several and nothing. I have it sync with my Samsung calendar and the option to show holidays too. I have the paid version without adds. Oddly enough I only can see 2 holiday's in 2021 which are first day of black history month and first day of women's history month? No Christmas, New Years, Memorial Day or any other.	0
Having to link my existing calander with the separate calander defeats the purpose of having a separate work calander....I'm not trying to have a screen filled with sht I have to spend a ton of time scanning through and dividing between. I'll buy a paper agenda... thanks for the effort though 👃	0
Many seconds of full screen commercials when saving new events. Earlier versions were much better, now I need to use another calendar as this is too annoying.	0
Ads that completely take over your phone & have a forced timer so you can't exit out of them. - EDIT - It's untrue what the developer says regarding ads appearing once every 18 hours, it is more frequent. The "skip" the developer is referring to is NOT instantly available, you must wait a timer out. - It wouldn't be a problem if the ads weren't so disruptive, they literally take over your screen. I have no problem with small less annoying ads.	0
Why in the world there's no sign-in or backup option? How am I supposed to store my data? This app is so great but not having the very important feature makes no sense, I'm so disappointed!	0
I like the options but doesn't sync with my calendars. I bought a app called One Calendar & that one dies sync well with my calendars. If you could fix the sync issue this app would be the best.	0
Latest version is buggy it does not Sync at all	0
La pubblicità è diventata insopportabile	0
Today the pro version said it's not pro any longer and asked for payment. On another device it's still pro.	0
Get this calendar app if you like to watch daily full-screen video ads. There are calendar apps without ads. Get one of them instead :)	0
What the hell? Most recent update introduced FULL SCREEN ADS you cannot immediately dismissed! Happens whenever you add to your calendar. Developer has officially jumped the shark. Finding an alternate!	0
Ads	0
Garbage... Does allow adding exchange calendars	0
I have been waiting for a promised refund since 25th June, have sent several emails. Would appreciate my refund	0
I purchased this app once but for sone reason i now have the free version??? Whats up with that???	0
Used to be great but just constantly wipes out all my repeat appointments now! It's become absolutely useless and support never respond. I pay for proband it's now money down the drain	0
Can't add an Outlook calendar that isn't on MS Exchange, so that means you can't add any regular personal Outlook calendar. That's pretty bad. EDIT: The developer response links to a page discussing MS Exchange-enabled Outlook accounts. My comment was regarding non-Exchange accounts. So the developer didn't even read my review properly.	0
I want dedicated column for week number in month view widget!!! Added after editors reply: I want week numbers in separate column, NOT IN SUNDAY COLUMN!!! And I do not understand why I have to get votes on forum to get updated feature, even if I paid for it.	0
I was using it and thought it was pretty good.I had my whole business schedule on it, then I lost my phone. I got a new phone and downloaded the app again, logged on and no schedule! It was gone! I lost thousands of dollars and had many clients pissed off at me... So disappointed...	0
I can't add my Gmail account to your calendar. Used to work flawlessly earlier. Now just won't let me add my account and won't automatically sync data from account	0
Garbage. Fails to notify reminders about half the time unless app tab is open. Phone and app settings verified. Missed a long awaited appointment this morning...why even bother setting reminders	0
With the addition of publicity deep the app lost its productivity side.	0
Since full screen ads were introduced, this calendar app has become very frustrating to use. Despite having found the app to be one of the best calendar apps available, the ads are now too much of a hindrance.	0
Too much ads in the free version. Impossible to stop to watch it until the end, i'm not the first to strongly condamn it, you reply you are trying to fix it, but you set it !!! Should be less aggressive, and may be more users customers. I waited few months you react and correct it. ==> personaly i'm unstalling it	0
Was a good app but recently started flooding you with long ads that you can't get out of until they are finished playing. So annoying. Checking out other calendars now.	0
Ads that cover the whole screen [Later update] Since you bothered to respond to my review I will elaborate: 1. Any app that displays weird looking adds (ads for games?!) that cover the whole screen are suspicious apps: spyware, etc. You should count yourself lucky that I did not report your app to Google. The only reason for not doing that is that I've been using your app for some time, before the new ad behavior, and it was fine. 2. Let's ignore my previous point for a minute and consider this: a "Business Calendar" app that sends me adds about online games that I can "skip" by stopping the app and then re-opening... Really, if I'm a business person what would I want with an online game for children? 3. You mentioned the apps has to be deployed daily. Tough luck! I did not make your release schedule, you did. Furthermore I would be perfectly fine using an older version of the app, with no ads, or far fewer adds. I really don't care about the latest releases, and most business people don't either. We want stable things that we don't need to upgrade every week or so. 4. Since the ads covering the whole screen started being pushed I realized that your app has little added value over the calendar apps that came preinstalled on my mobile devices... And they don't have any adds.	0
Does not sync. Not worth it to miss meetings. Force synced does not typically refresh. Back to Google Calendar. Sync is a big part of being a calendar app.	0
I'm so disappointed. I've used this app for years as it was one of the best calendar apps, but now the obtrusive video ads that hold you hostage have completely changed the experience. I finally had to uninstall it because it's to the point where it's just too much. I'm understanding about banner ads if you don't want to buy the Pro version, but this is unacceptable.	0
It started out great but now there's video ads every time you go into the app to add a date	0
No import/export feature.	0
I do understand "free" means accepting advertising, but your recent ads are horrible, cannot be shorten, and sometimes embarrassing. I uninstall now. Left you two stars for old times sake. *Added after Dev response. It wasn't the frequency. It was the advert that was served. I think it was some kind of Japanese pornstar (not sure cuz I was busily trying to close it, to no avail). I was in meeting with Client, checking next date, and the unstoppable advert happened. Simply cannot risk this again	0
Has all the features I need. However the colors are NOT customizable. I edit a calendar and select a custom color but there's no change applied. FRUSTRATING!!!	0
I've been asking the developers of this app for YEARS to add the ability for the user CHANGE THE TEXT COLOR of the day numbers in month view. The current gray color doesn't offer enough contrast when using dark themes. We also need the ability to add clearly visible grid lines surrounding the day cells in month view. Two very simple requests that go ignored year after year after year.	0
My calendar doesn't show up	0
This was one of the best apps for free out there but now they added these invasive ads whenever you make a new event in the calendar and some of them are like 30 seconds long. You can't skip them until it's done. This app is now hot garbage. I don't mind ads, they need to make money but 30 second ads about making a social media account, or jump scare ads, or straight up scams is invasive and abhorrent. You guys need to find a different ad service provider.	0
1 star (prolly less) after upgrade: U r forcing us either uninstall it or upgrade to pro. I am now regretting upgrading it without reading the comments. DAMN! Old features are already enough for me. Can I degrade it???? 5 stars b4 upgrade: This is the best calendar I ve ever used. The only thing that bother me is that this is not on the ios app store. Will this happen in the coming days because this is the only reason I am still using android.	0
Why is it impossible to see text of event (I PURCHASED pro version and sent You email) I just resent an email ... with screenshot	0
Update: June 2020: do not use this app free version. It recently started forcing full screen ads that lock your screen for the duration of the ad. Original review from 2018: Great app! Very customizable and the ads are small and non-intrusive. I've been using it for years and had only 1 issue that was resolved after contacting customer support.	0
I already paid for the paid version and now they want me to pay again for it or have to put up with ads. Not cool to have to pay again and again and again! As I said "Not cool to have to pay again and again and again." So when my phone needs to be replaced you have changed the app's name so I have to pay for it again. Other developers allow the user to install the app on their new phone and keep the same features they are familiar with and love. Doing what you have done creates bad feelings	0
Used to be amazing and now ads have completely ruined this app. Thanks for the years and cya	0
Very basic calender. Outdated UI . Not possible to integrate with Google task or other task managers. Few functions for collaborative work . MOST DESIRED FEATURE of a calender is a ability to add events and add invites from other apps and emails and thats missing.	0
I have paid for the pro version inside this app itself. But checking the business calendar 2 Pro app I still am prompted to pay again. Why is this? Why can't I download the Pro version even though I already paid for it?	0
Works fine but the ads are horrible. Every time I enter something new I have to watch a slow ad. I'm removing it!	0
used to be the best calendar available until they decided to put extremely invasive ads. I know it requires a lot of work and I'm perfectly fine with ads. I'm not fine with invasive and deceptive ads trying to trick you instead.	0
I've lost an assigment after checking the app for my events for after one year. The app showed that my date was free but it was bussy actually! At some reason the app just did not synced my events for after one year! It cost me my income for the lost event and a lot of frustraion!	0
Plagued with intrusive ads. Once was a great app. Now, it's useless.	0
Have paid for pro version. Used to be decent but now struggles syncing with Google whereas other calendar/task apps do without problem. Have now moved to Etar as its open source, free and provides the same functionality needed.	0
There were no Ads when I installed it and now every time I put my schedule there is Ads so I need to wait. It's very annoying!!!!! I will find another app.	0
Everything is paid	0
Recent update crashes the app a few seconds after launch Update: I know what's causing it. I have a root level adblock and with your new full screen ads that get blocked, it instead just relaunches the app for me. I'm not disabling my adblock for one app, full screen ads unacceptable anyway for an app branded for "business" use.	0
Was good. But not keeping up with the world. Having font size a pay feature with today's high resolution displays make the text so tiny that it can't be read. So in order to use the free version I have to pay for it.	0
support doesn't want to fix issue in event calendar creation, or to make this optional for users to decide . there is a bug/feature which moves the event to next day when i specifically selected today's date if i do it after 23:00 . this logic is flaud , even me as software developer will not decide for my customers such a thing, and will put a msgbox "do u want to create event tommorow?" or at least put a check box in options to match user aspectations.	0
Best calendar app ever. But im not giving 5 stars until we get the desktop version we have been requesting for the past 5 years.	0
I paid for the ability to export calendars, then import them. The problem of all imported entries being backdated 1 day has not been fixed in 2 or 3 years dispite submitting samples showing that the dates are inaccurate in the exported file Buyer beware - totally useless when you change phones you lose all your calendar entries	0
Used it for years. Great app but uninstalled it after they added adds during editing appointments... I use a different app now...	0
Recently a ridiculous amount of advertising has been added to this app & I'm unable to add appointments while I wait for the ad that covers the whole screen to finish. I can no longer use this as its affecting my business. It has been a good calendar for years but i will be deleting it asap. Update - the developer responded & said that an ad appears only every 18 hrs... THIS IS INCORRECT. An ad appears after every diary entry + other times too. I enter multiple entries every day so get many ads.	0
Who's brilliant idea was to add several Holidays (which you can't even delete) that ARE NOT even US Federal Holidays to this Calendar?	0
Ever since the last update, I get invasive, annoying full screen ads every time I try to enter a new task. Seems that the update was designed to ruin the app experience. Horrible level of service. Really considering uninstalling.	0
Used to be great. Been using for 5 yrs +. Now tasks don't add, other calendars don't show data. The only event data that shows up is event data I add in the calendar.	0
This app's reminder is always late. ALWAYS LATE. I don't know if there is a problem in my setting. But I'm really not enjoying this app. I REALLY DON'T. I thought this app will help me. Big thumbs down. 👎	0
Used to be great app. Now sucks, unpredictable syncing and other day not syncing Google calendar on Android 10.	0
Reduced to 1 star after second repetitive dev response. (edit after dev response) I get having ads, but full screen ads that you have to wait to skip are very annoying. I am fine with ads that appear at the bottom. Great app until the full screen ads appeared	0
BC2 won't sync with Google Calendar. Autosync is enabled, but still, events created or deleted from app will not sync with online calendar or Google calendar app.	0
Horrible marketing adds every time, removing the app.	0
Am getting reminder notification sounds, but with no notifications to dismiss. I have raised this issue many times over the years with no resolution. Happens on LG and Samsung. Various Android versions. Now on Android 10. Have to force stop the app.	0
Ads killed an otherwise good app. Had the old paid version too, but that went away. Dealt with less intrusive ads for a while, but now they are out of control.	0
Had this app since July 2015 and since January it says buy pro which I have done almost 5 years ago. Support is no help I've contacted them for months with no help just told to uninstall (quick fix just uninstall) with no promise all info will return. 😡	0
I have paid for the pro version. It works for a few months then asked me to pay again. Sent an email to the support email. They replied they have nothing to do with the payment. So who does then. Stay away guys.	0
I don't use the free version, I like to pay for software that deserves it. I tapped on the app today and had an interstitial ad. Do not do this again for a business app.	0
Hello I just upgraded to your go pro within this free version but it looks like nothing changed.. How do I get those pro features? Where are the widgets? Do I have to install the Pro app? I have to buy it again if I did that, I've looked it up already. Please fix this. I have already refund your app.	0
It was all going good, even the irritating adds, until today where the app crashed and all my data saved on it are gone. I'm really irritated now.	0
Iam horrified to find that a lot of my historical data has disappeared from the app. The info is vital for my medical records. If anyone has an idea on how to retreive it please let me know.	0
Great format-- but SUCKS due to ad popups that won't go away-- LOCKS YOU OUT OF APP UNLESS YOU PAY FOR PREMIUM VERSION!!! TOTAL & COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME/DATA UNLESS YOU PAY FOR PREMIUM....!!!	0
I'm sad I paid for this app. It used to be great. But now it keeps lagging and freezing intermittently, (Huawei P30 pro) I have disabled battery management, tried using original and custom launcher, but app still freezes for 5+ seconds for many actions. Nothing works, and I can't use it in this state... I have no other issues with any other apps. - scrolling in week view - creating event - editing event - deleting event Sometimes freeze, sometimes crash	0
Never responded to my original review in 2019 and the response to my latest review still doesn't answer the fact that any tasks that are recurring DO NOT show in calendar even though you sync this information.	0
Nope. Nope. Nope.	0
bad. avoid	0
🔥 UPDATE: Only manual sync works. Down to 1 🌟 until you fix this. Best calendar out there! Love it! It looks great, works flawlesly, erganomics & ease of use is absolutely outstanding and I'm sure it tastes good as well if you could eat it!	0
Using the app since years, now whenever open the app, trying to save an entry, full page advertisement opens for atleast 30 seconds causes missing what more to enter on different dates, this app is at its worst	0
This used to be a very good calendar app with plenty of good features in the free version already. Unfortunately they introduced intrusive full-screen ads recently to force you into buying the premium version. I'll rather switch to another calendar app than be blackmailed like that.	0
if you don't stop to force ads clip watching, bye bye.	0
I have been a subscriber of the pro version for years when this new version came out I tried it and there were problems. I tried it again and it seems to work well. I tried running with one alarm and now it dosen't stop when I acknowledge it I'm going back to the old version. I have removed pro 2 if the problem pesiststs I will have to find a new calendar. Very frustrated.	0
Used to love it, now it's been an issue after issue with this app. You'd expect that it would perform at least the basic task of reading my calendars. Doesn't even do that anymore, no matter how many times I try to sync it. So much for getting the "premium" version. Disappointing.	0
App starts ads after 1 month and opens wanting paid every time after the first month.	0
It always reactivate calendar from all google account on the device and show it eventhough I have untick it in the calendar & task list. Calendar is full with unneeded event and the essentials wont show.	0
Best free calendar is now unacceptable with full audio, full screen video ads. The price to avoid the ad mugging is ridiculously too much. Uninstalled and looking for another.	0
Ads with free apps are acceptable, but fullscreen & non-skippable ads blocking the entire screen for 20 seconds are NOT. Awful user experience. Google has recently removed 600 Android apps from Play Store because of disruptive fullscreen ads, this app may be the next one to be removed. Not recommended.	0
Awful! At one point, I bought the Business Calendar 2 app, and I the update has ads. I'm supposed to purchase the newest version? Yeah, no thanks.	0
Full screen ads ruin it all I've been using this since it was just "business calendar". It was still $7 back then so I wouldn't buy it but would click the ads every now and then. Now with the full screen ads it's practically unusable. Also, before the dev comes in with the stock "the free version has ads" response: no duh it has ads. We didn't pay for the app because its upfront cost is too high so we liked the corner ads. Now you force them to take over our screens. Uninstalled and 1-Star.	0
Use this app every day and used to totally love it. But in the last month or so they have allowed full-page video ads to take over the screen. The only way to get rid of them is to force close the app, which I now do repeatedly. Can't continue like this! Totally unacceptable. What the heck could they possibly have been thinking. Downright stupid business decision. Looking hard for another app to replace this one as soon as I can. It was nice while it lasted.	0
I've used this calendar for years. It has always been the best. But now they've added ads. Unless those go away, I'll be finding a new calendar.	0
Waste of time, unusable cannot delete events	0
I used to love this calendar, but now it has full screen ads/videos that take over your phone. Can't do anything else while the pop-up ad is running. First one of these I saw - UNINSTALLED!! ... Response: The ads definitely come up more than twice per day and the calendar is definitely NOT functional while the ads are running - you must wait for the commercial to end before you can open the calendar again. I can understand bar ads at the top or bottom of a free app, but full length commercials?!	0
Been using this app for many years. The recent update has brought ads. Uninstalling.	0
Those fullscreen ads made me uninstall it after years of using it happily. Bye. Won't come back. My response: Or, you know, I can simply use another calendar app that's free and has no ads.	0
Force feeds users with video ads after each entry.	0
Been using this app for years, This app called itself business calendar but now includes popups which blasts the speaker at full volume. How am I supposed to use this app during BUSINESS MEETINGS?? Like the others who gave their feedbacks, guess it's time we move on to another calendar app like OneCalendar which dosent have ads	0
Looks polished app but time after time new issues come up. Raising these issues with the developer rarely gets timely response or interest in fixing it (I'm a paid user). Today, tasks lost their subtasks on one device, while the 2nd device is OK (for now) || to devs: Task (and their subs) used to sync across devices via Google Drive.. Seems like you eliminated this feature by switching to Google Tasks in your recent update. Totally useless app now for me (at least)	0
I use the Pro version. But What happened to the option to purchase holidays? My Christian and Jewish holidays don't show up anymore.	0
Developer started to add invasive ads, and worst of all, the functionality that was working before, is not working anymore. Probably the app is busy with the invasive ad and forgot about the job at hand :) And yes, I know about the payed version	0
Used to be 5 stars. I've used this app for years.... The sudden addition of full page unskipable adds ruined it. It looks like I'm not alone in my disappointment.	0
NOT into your ads. I've had your app on my phone for YEARS. Uoure about to be deleted for a Google calendar. Sorry.	0
Do not download this app. There are Ads everything you use i (as of Feb 26, 2020), despite what the developer says about the "18 hour". Just read other reviews and you'll see that the intrusive Ads have killed this free app. Look for another similar app	0
The ads are a joke. Completely destroyed the experience. Maybe they haven't tried searching for calendar on the play store and noticed the hundred other options? Look elsewhere for calendar needs!	0
Ad heavy plus unable to use widget and stock calander app	0
Used this app for years, but I can not tolerate the recent full page video ads that pop up after every calendar entry. I use the free version which I know is sponsored by Ad, the recent updates allow intrusive , excess ads that you can even skip and I can't renter the app to verify my calendar entry was added/modified corrected. The developer or owner has really overstepped with the recent updates and ads. I'm going back to the free Google app instead. I hope you push out a new update before y	0
Don't bother installing this app. The free version is garbage. Recently the developer made the decision for inclusion of ads. The ads pop up every time you add an event to the Calendar. The developer has chosen to sacrifice usability of the app and consumer comfort in the rush to monetise the app. I have uninstalled it and will not be returning to the app again.	0
I am also looking to change after years of usage. The app stooping to advertising unless a NEW upgrade is paid is dishonest. I paid for my old version and was satisfied with its functionality. Not interested in your new version	0
ads!!!!	0
Ads interrupt you while adding items to your calendar. This app used to have a banner for ads at the bottom which was fine. Now the ads are annoying and timed. Reply to developer: No thanks. I rather uninstall your app completely. 👌	0
Predatory ads killing it...	0
Full screen video ads! I can live with banner ads but not this.	0
This is update on 22 Feb 2020 I don't know what happened to the app, but it now annoys me every second time i open it, with some ridiculous animated games, which hijack the whole phone for about 30 seconds, and then goes to Google Play, asking to download the idiotic game. Not sure if it's the app itself, or if it's been hacked. In either case I AM UNINSTALLING THIS! ========= Excellent app, I've been using it for many years now, since its predecessor..... all good with app :-)	0
I used this calander app for years and found it to be excellent. But recently it started playing full page video ads making accessing information on the fly unreliable. I'm sure the paid version is still great but I cant recommend using this as a free calander app anymore.	0
Ads ads ads.	0
Loved it until they added cartoon ads. You'll be with a client and a video game comes up as you're scheduling their appointment. Makes us look very unprofessional.	0
I've had this app for years, even upgraded it to the premium version. Loved it.. then as the developers started updating, I started having many issues. Each time i used the app it would show in the premium or free version; it was inconsistent. I wrote the customer service for assistance and I didn't get any help. So i lived with it. Most recently, I started receiving ads after every entry; Not okay!! I sent another email 2 wks ago which they have not responded to; which is why I'm here. Help!	0
I paid for this app, and it was a wonderful app, easy platform, customisable. BUT, there has been a recent addition of ads. All the time! For an app I have paid for I think this is disgusting. I response to you, no these aren't spam events linked to my phone. I uninstalled this app and used my original paid version of the called app and there are no ads. I was prompted to update to this version a while ago. I thought it was just an ad on from the paid version of business calendar I had.	0
I have used this app for a couple of years now and it was great. It had small banner ads before, however recently they have incorporated video ads which play every time you input a new plan. This is incredibly tedious and a massive waste of time. DO NOT DOWNLOAD.	0
DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP. I used to love it, but in the most recent update the advertisements have made it absolutely unusable. I am switching to google calendar and never looking back	0
Its a great app I used for years. I was ok with ads, but the full screen can't be immediately banished ads make it unusable. When I need Calendar info, I need it RIGHT NOW. I'll give it a couple of weeks but if it doesn't go back to discrete corner ads I'm out. Edit post response: I'd have paid a couple of bucks for ad free version, because it is better than stock Calendar. But its not 7 bucks better. So if you're not going to remove full screen ads, after years of using, gotta say buh bye...	0
The pop-up advertisements make the free version impossible to use. I will be forced to change to a different app after years of use	0
updated and the only thing new is ADS. deleting after years of use over multiple phones.	0
Paid for premium and now I keep getting ads after the update.	0
Misleading, all themes require pro.	0
UNSKIPPABLE video ads pop up when you are adding or editing an event. I mean video ads popping up in a *calendar* app is bush league already, but unskippable? May as well have a boxing glove on a spring pop out of my phone and smash my groin - that's probably preferable.	0
Does not sync automatically. Very frustrating. Have to go in and "Sync Now" even though setting is set to sync every hour. Done with this app	0
I am going to drop this app after years of use because of recent full page video ads which are out of control. Edited to add: of course the free version has ads. Always has, and I don't mind, because *something* has to pay for app development. But these new full page, video that can't be shut down, in your face for many seconds ads are new and intolerable. That was a bad business mistake you can correct. I hope you correct it soon. I'll be checking back to see.	0
Since you have put advertisements in app i say goodbye.. On top of that an update came up and isn't possible to view description of booked day unless you click on it. Disappointed.	0
Ads started appearing whenever I'd modify something. Not cool. Edit: I have no problems with banner ads, but ads that completely disable functionality for a period of time completely defeats the purpose of using this app for better functionality.	0
Deleting. Was great. Now horrible. Bad move with the ads guys.	0
Recent addition of VERY intrusive full-screen video ads has crossed a line. At first I thought my phone had been hacked! I totally understand need for revenue for a great free app, but this is too much. I'm going elsewhere very soon without a change!	0
The free version has HORRIBLE ADS. Other than that, the app is marginally better than Google's free calendar app that had no ads... It was an easy decision to uninstall and go back to Google calendar.	0
I had given 5 stars in Jun 2017. I'm changing it to 1 star because of the full screen ads which cannot be dismissed. I'm grateful to the developer for creating this nice looking calendar app and was happy to tolerate the ads in the free version but the full screen ads really disrupt the process of adding an event to the point where it becomes intolerable. I'll just switch to Google calendar which syncs better anyway. Thanks for the few years of a great app.	0
Full screen ads you can't skip every time you add or edit an event !!!	0
The new full-screen video advertisements make the basic version of this app unusable. I'm looking looking for a replacement.	0
Excellent UI. Easy to use and sync to gmail. Events and tasks all at once. Since the last update on Feb 13, 2020, this app shows video ad. after modify calendar which you cannot close until the ad is finished. You have to be careful if you are in quiet environment ie meetings.	0
I used past 5 years...Nice app .. But now More Advertisement ...so I uninstall the app..	0
Advertising.. Everywhere now, so bye bye	0
I have been using this app for many years. Definitely one of the best calendar apps for Android. Unfortunately, too big desire for monetization of the app won. Full screen ads which you cannot close are now popping up after adding events and more. Such a big disappointment! You can of course purchase the app but for me it doesn't add any more value as I don't use pro functions. I guess it's time to switch to Google's native app.	0
Love this calendar up until a few days ago. The ads used to be fairly non-intrusive, which I get and could totally live with. Now they have a full screen animation that you have to wait on to use the calendar. Totally unacceptable when I'm with a customer. Absolutely do NOT recommended this calendar as currently configured.	0
Too many long ads	0
I recently switched over from the original business calendar app which I have been using for many years. This version has a fancier UI but functionally seems much the same as far as the calendar goes which is fine, if it ain't broke don't fix it! I think other features have been added but I don't really use them. Update: full screen ads suck. They appear and cannot be closed for a long time. Show me an ad if you must but let me close it, the free version is unusable this.	0
Resonse (2/13/20): I know that the free version is not ad-free.  The issue that what you have done recently is to force people to watch ads instead of just clicking them away. And this happens while I'm trying to add or edit something on the calendar. Had to change from 5 to 1 star because of these pop up ads. Will be looking for a new app soon.	0
5 up to 15 seconds are too much for staring at an add in an app that is listed under "productivity". Already expecting the lame excuse given to all the comments. Please rethink if you want to go the "standard" way you mention, or if a developer should try to give its best and attract users. I'm in favour of ads in free app versions, but this is too much!	0
My go to for years. Until the last update. Ads used to be unintrusive. Now you have to wait 10 seconds after every calendar update for the ad to run. Uninstalling now.	0
Wow. Had a 30 second ad that gave me the uninstall this app command. I used to like the 1st but eventually moved to the 2nd but after that atrocious ad, I uninstalled and used google calendar which the widget is not as nice but works great.	0
Unskippable pop up video adds with sounds. Awful and completely inappropriate for 'business' as the name suggests. I shall look forward to deleting this app and avoiding this developer from now on.	0
Loved this app until ads started covering the entire screen. Uninstalled immediately.	0
I've used this app for years and have loved it up until now. Now I get full page ads that sit there for 5 seconds and disrupt what I'm doing. I don't mind a full page ad that I can back out of or scrolling ads at the bottom, but to force me to watch a 5 second ad is not reasonable. Seems like they're forcing you to pay up or move on to another app. If this continues I'll find another app.	0
Used to be good but started showing full screen ads even when the app is not open. Currently unusable.	0
I used to like, even love this app. It was great. Now though, every time I add an event on my calendar an ad comes up and stays there until it is finished. It's awful! So far the ads have not been inappropriate, just annoying. I don't think that going to the pro version would fix this. I don't even know how to find the pro version to purchase as it doesn't show up in the play store. Super frustrating. I don't want to find another app. I just want this one to work without the silly ads.	0
Used the free version for years, no issues, didn't need the pro features. Then they started putting in ads - not the kind that pop up along the bottom but ones that completely hijack the screen while you're trying to work. Worst bait-and-switch I've ever seen.	0
Used to be good. Now massive full screen adds with sound. First time they ran without warning, very embarrassing. Will give it a week to revise, then will uninstall. Adds are ok, but the full screen nature with sound isn't.	0
Full screen ads? In a calendar app? Are you serious?	0
The Ads now pop-up full screen. That is very, very, very, very annoying. What if I'm on an important call making an appointment and then you pop-up this irrelevant ad right in my face. Unprofessional.	0
After updating.. Ads took over the screen.. Disappointed.. I'll look into other calendar apps as alternative.	0
It used to be the BEST calendar for many years, TILL NOW, when annoying advertisements are popping up all the time. So sad, but it's totally intolerable, need to Uninstall and find another app	0
Video ads	0
I don't mind ads, but not those which run in full screen mode and cannot be closed by me.	0
Used this calendar for years without any issue. Now ads will take over the entire screen after entering an appointment in the calendar and there is a delay before you can cancel them out. Terrible and disappointing choice on the part of the developers. They've lost me as a user as I refuse to pay for a pro version for a simple calendar app. Do yourself a favor and stay away. The ads suck and are annoying.	0
Used this app for months with no issues but after most recent update it plays an ad every time I add a new event to my calender, awful	0
Would you please add day and night mode for widgets that would sync with system's day and night status? Thank you	0
Doesn't popup reminder anymore with Android 10 update. & Revert by support claiming its purely Android 10 issue isn't true... There are apps which continue to have pop-ups (shared with developer, who refuses to acknowledge this & only give defense of Android issue)	0
Great app but why do you need 13 Ad trackers in this paid for pro app? Exodus privacy list 13 trackers against your app which is rediculous. Using this every day, but now concerned my every move is being tracked 13 times. Edit: You inform, so that makes it okay then, for you. Perhaps other more privacy focussed users should look elsewhere. How do I confirm the trackers are not used? Trust you, I bet.... 13 are for revenue, 1 will suffice for personalising.	0
Can't set up reminder	0
Good deal and good function	1
AMAZING APP!! I have a very high profile job and with this app, I keep all of my appointments and my work schedule in sync and current!!! 5 STARS!!!!!	1
I am very happy with this app	1
Good one. Like it.	1
Very good	1
Superb App! Once you try this one you won't be looking for another. Not just for business! Works for personal use as well.	1
I prefer this app to the built in calendar.	1
It has the best agenda / to-do list widget i have found so far	1
Using it for years and it's still great!	1
Excellent and one of the best. I have used. I bought the premium version, well worth it.	1
I love the variety of settings and options	1
I have tried a number of calendar apps. This one is the best.	1
WARNING TO SAMSUNG GALAXY USERS! I love this app. Unfortunately, I just installed the system update from Samsung today and it completely wiped out EVERYTHING on this calendar and the calendar on my phone. I don't know how to fix this, hopefully customer support on this site will be able to help me.	1
Excellent for business meeting	1
Nice, clean	1
Does what it says - reminds you even after the programmed time for some reason I don't understand.	1
I won't go looking for another Calendar! This app is innovative and functional. It is very well supported too. Whoever is behind this app is a professional who deserves great respect.	1
Great app!	1
Better and more customizable than Google Calendar if that's what you're into. I love the widgets they're clean!	1
This is a great calender that's easy to customize and integrate with everything in your life!	1
Gives me exactly what I need to manage my busy life!!	1
Very useful	1
very good	1
I love this App. Helps keep me and my 23 color coded Google calenders organized.	1
Very useful.	1
Cracking product	1
Really great app.. Manages All my calendars, Easy to use	1
Update 2020: still an amazing calendar app!	1
Great app	1
I bought this app some years ago and stopped using it because it was not compatible with my work exchange account. Productivity was way down because of using a multiplicity and some really bad apps. Now it supports it and I am using it again. And I love it every bit as when I left it. Thanks so much for this app! I got an issue with the hide calendars bar though. It shows entries but I cannot delete entries from the menus..	1
Great	1
No complaints 👌. Works as advertised.	1
Swell.	1
Best Calendar App, ever! 4 years later, and its only improves. Excellent developers who are responsive to feedback, I'd pay for it again!!!! Its that good!!	1
Love it	1
Integrates Google Tasks in calendar	1
Great app	1
The widget is most useful feature. It reminds me of appointments for the next 48 hours	1
Simple and easy	1
Seems all good. My main calendar , very good and versatile .	1
Works as it should .	1
Best customized calendar	1
A great calendar!	1
Very pleased with app. Easy to input appointments ets + good screen layout + more...	1
Beautiful and useful app	1
Amazing! I use it to keep track of bills/work/events and it sincs to my ipad as well :)	1
Amazing app and real value for money	1
Excellent	1
Excellent product	1
No probles....good experience with this calendar so far.	1
I like it so i bought the ad free..	1
Used it for quite a few years, decent app, always room for improvement, but it works well.	1
一目了然，顏色也夠多，確實把行程分門別類出來，只有每天早上第一次使用時有廣告，後面都沒有廣告，非常實用，用幾年了	1
My every day reference. Fantastic.	1
my far	1
Best calendar app out there. Super reliable and has all the features you will ever need.	1
Excellent app.	1
Works very well. Easy interface. Great features.	1
I have used this cal and predecessor for many years with many accounts. And I like it's flexibility, description history, geo history, colours and look and feel flexibility. It is very well made. I use a full size panel on one page of the phone, and it shows me everything. Good grip on what I am doing and planning.	1
Excellent. Loads of features - tried lots. This is the one!	1
Great app, lots of updates	1
Excellent features. Very clean design. I especially like the task management and (birthday) age features.	1
This is one of my favourite app on phone. Widget is on main page, full size. I would like if it has reminder integrated, or alarm sound connected with tasks. Sometimes notification is not strong (or bored) enough to remind me on an event/task.	1
Well done a spiffing app. Try this if events dissapear. Here are the steps I followed: 1) Swich ON Airplane Mode 2) Clear Calendar App storage & cache > Settings > Apps > Calendar > Storage > Clear Storage 3) Clear Calendar storage at system level > Settings > Apps > See all > Menu > Show system   - Calendar Storage > Storage > Clear Storage 4) open calendarVerify that all events are gone 5) Swich OFF Airplane Mode 6) Start Calendar everything should sync after a few minutes.	1
Great app with plenty of features. I've used it for several years and never had any issues. Highly recommend.	1
It's a calendar app. The job is pretty straightforward, but it does it very well, quickly, and in a nice interface. Specific items: syncing with Tasks is great. Syncing with other to-do apps like TickTick would be dreamy, but that's asking a bit much. Being able to set defaults for making new events is good. The color scheme is nice and not all blinding shades like many apps, and I love how customizable it is. I haven't used event "Groups" but it looks like a great feature. TLDR great app	1
Very helpful app!	1
Great app. Steps up phone calendar with colors and features.	1
Excellent planner	1
Excellent. Simple as that. However it does have a big problem still... It only takes 3 simultaneous events to make 1 or more of the events disappear from view. You can reveal the missing one by hiding non essential calendars. Otherwise excellent. Really appreciate the ability to set multiple alerts for an event. E.g. 1 week ahead, 2 days ahead and day before.	1
I bought the full version purely because the devs put so much effort at delivering such a great product that I felt an urge obligation of expressing my gratitude. I truly, deeply thank you guys for such an outstanding app.	1
Good	1
Good app	1
Awesome	1
Every updates is great, I don't use all the features but the updates only improve the stuff I use. Never had a problem with updates. Great app!	1
Ever in love with Business Calendar 2! It's configuration settings are of sublime finesse. For example, you can move events in 5 minute increments or even 1 minute increments. It's especially useful when moving events, as it's better than other options do on both desktop and mobile applications. Would utmost recommend to those seek a power-calendar app!	1
Great calender	1
Good	1
Just works, perfect 👌	1
Nice	1
fantastic reliable app. Keeps everything organized.	1
I've had this app for a few years now and I love it! I use it everyday and prefer it over anything I've used in the past.	1
This is the best calendar I've found with emojis. It is very useful for my teaching schedule.	1
Excellent calendar. I have already suggested to developers to provide the calendar events MS Excel format also.	1
Great app, and was happy to support by purchasing premium. The way the tasks work are better than any other app I've seen	1
Very Good	1
Please add Tasker compatibility! Android 10 has crippled this app's effectiveness, and Tasker can solve this, plus add unlimited customization options. Pop-ups are a must have feature!	1
Have been using this for years. Wipes the floor with the standard Google Calendar app in terms of usability and functionality, but also syncs perfectly with my Google Calendar. It has by far the best and most customisable widget of any calendar app I tried, which was what drew me to it in the first place	1
The best I ever used!	1
Well...till now, I've used it for a quite a while, experimented, played with features, and have found it very functional, intuitive and quite simple to master, as you go. It has allowed me to integrate two different calendars and scheduler, to a point I can see separately each, two, or all three, at the same time. Very convenient. As I've learned, with a touch I can see either of my two calendars, both at the same times. I can isolate my 'to dos', I can Isolate to see just holidays! Or see all!	1
Have been using this app for 2 years. Very reliable and is as feature rich as you need it to be. Highly recommended for someone who lives and dies by a schedule.	1
Lots of great info in one spot!	1
Still the best! I've tested many calendars and this one has the best layout I've seen.	1
Excellent Calendar, I use it everyday. I used to use the free version which works fine, but after realizing how much I depend on this app for everything, I bought the full version. Full version has many nice options. Overall really usefull calendar, can invite others to events, has tasks, birthdays, many colours and icons to choose from for my fellow organizer geeks. A+	1
Best calendar app!	1
Great! Get it!	1
Exceptional. Flawless. Absolutely has to be the best calendar out there. Have been using and enjoying for 7 years or so. Buy the Pro version. You will love it.	1
Using it everyday obviously !!! Super stable.	1
My best calendar app. It has everything I need. The only missing thing is the split view (month and events/tasks list).	1
I like it. I can use it for all my accounts that manage calendars, and also filter them very easily. If I didn't know it, i would like someone recommended it to me ^_^	1
Awesome app. Fullfil all of the requirements. Some small features if added 1) make overdue task have separate color in widget to differentiate from today task. 2) there should be an option to make task from subtask only, no need to have father task	1
The best calendar. Period.	1
10/2020 still using both phone and pc versions. Syncs enough to be useful, but still a bit buggy. Problem is that there isn't anything better that I can find. Still does the job. Old review: Like that it syncs with pc calendar. Like the color and holiday/birthday options. Don't like that birthdays don't sync from phone to pc. Had problems with syncing at all until unchecked calendar on pc version.	1
Best calendar app.	1
I've been using this calendar app for years. Haven't found any other user interface that comes close.	1
I have used the app for many years and I really like it I tried a few other app but I always came back to business calendar great app Bc I just do	1
Great calendar	1
Great app! Have been using it for a few years now with no major issues except that sometimes it misses some appointments when syncing external calendars from Google. Anyway to fix it? Thanks!	1
I have been using this app for years. They have personalized tech support. Very responsive. It works with all of my Google calendars from multiple accounts and lets me see everything at once. It creates templates so I don't have to work so hard to reenter information. Love this app.	1
Happy user of many years. I use it to keep my day on track.	1
SYNC ISSUES??? Here's how to fix it on Samsung Galaxy products (Tablets, phones,etc). You will need both Google calendar app and Samsung Calendar. Check both of these to make sure they are syncing. Google calendar and Samsung calendar will over ride Business calendar. But it appears data is taken from Samsung calendar for BC2 pro. And Samsung calendar takes data from Google calendar.. so make sure all are synced...lol. Ya its a lot of work - sometimes they are functioning fine. But this will help you if they don't cooperate. Don't be upset with the developers of BC2 Pro. .They don't have a say in the matter as these big companies have big ego's and BC2 Pro can't do much about it....EXCEPT THIS - BC2 PRO - IF YOU ARE READING THIS - Please create your own calendar system to sync accross platforms. so we don't have to rely on google calendar and samsung! Lets just stay within the BC2 platform. I will happily ditch google calendar forever if you make this happen. You guys rock! Cheers.	1
Great app. The widget keeps me in check with all appointments	1
Great app! This is the only app I use or need.	1
Simply the Best 😜	1
does precisely what it is supposed to do	1
Never had a single issue or complaint. Does what it says on the tin.	1
Very handy	1
Used this for 5 years. I love it.	1
I wish this app had an option to move the line dividing each day above the date, (below the last event listed) not below the date.... it can be confusing to determine if the line is separating the event(s) for the specific date or for a date in the future.	1
Even with adds, great, dependable, east to use calendar.	1
I would be lost without it.	1
Great app. The free version offers all the features I need and more, integration with google calendars is seemless and I rarely have issues with the app. I'm not a fan of the new ad format, but I admit it was short sighted of me to initially give a 3 star rating because of that. I am changing it now to 5 stars, because this is still by far the best calendar app I've used!	1
This app is wonderful and an integral part of my phone and my day.	1
Excellent calendar translation with good, functional widgets, recommended.	1
Love this calendar. Ease of use to add, move and delete appointments, different colours, linking accounts. Love it so much that after a year I moved to the paid version. I would love to see fun backgrounds though. Cheers!	1
Been using for several years. Great app.	1
Guys.. the sync with google keeps failing recently... What's wrong?	1
Easy and clear	1
Update on 2016 review - BC still works best. Have Pro version - well worth it. Love the week view which allows you to see EVERYTHING - a must for my appointment driven life. Other calendar apps tried didn't do the week as cleanly or at all. Happy user!	1
This app is the one that is completely necessary to keep things in order!	1
Best calendar app for android, agenda widget is simply must have!	1
Tried various calendars, needed one with Google task support. This was the only one I found that did this reliably. Easy to use.	1
I was looking for a calendar app to use with my new Pixel 4a and now I have found it. Two thumbs up!	1
The best calendar app!	1
Perfect and support replies quick	1
Great App	1
The widgets have made it so much easier for me to stay organized, and I appreciate the level of customization as well. Very useful and one of the best calendar apps I've used.	1
Great	1
Definitely worth the money. Easy to use, intuitive, multifunctional and surprisingly versatile.	1
Great	1
Terrific!	1
I'm one of those people who needs as many settings as you can possibly squeeze in one app. And I'm happy. Thank you so much	1
I used to miss appointments with the phone app. Even though I am still adjusting to 3G business calendar I am satisfied with it. It will continue to get better for me. Thanks	1
Love it	1
Great app ! So great it is actually the first one (and only one so far) I bought ! I love the clear, thoroughly customizable interface and the widget on Android is super practical. I have 1 small complain though: when I set new events, they often tend to start at XX:05, rarely on the exact time (xx:00), any fix ?	1
5-star product undoubtedly and unconditionally! One of the finest apps of the store IMO	1
Top product. Using it for years now. So customisable. Love it.	1
Very flexible, does what is supposed to.	1
I have tried every calendar app and this one is by far my favorite. I recommend it to all of my friends. Easy to use, I love the template feature, that I can have many different calendars and favorite calendars, and that it syncs Google calendar.	1
Good, what else I can say Спасибо Gracias 2020/10/5/0528	1
I'm so impressed I had to write this! I have never used such a comprehensive calendar in my life (and I'm old) I never write reviews as I really feel its a waste of time. Well this time I am willing to waste my time, to say this is a simply amazing app and I have ran businesses for 25 years and have come across a lot of software. Thanks guys! P.S. buying the pro when I get home today, Not because I need it but I do think I owe it to you! Thanks Keith.	1
Excellent	1
I really like the task lists function. It helps me organize the tasks for my work and personal projects separately so it only gets as cluttered as I want it to look at one time lol	1
Awesome	1
My chaotic life revolves around my schedule. This app is perfect for organizing the choas	1
Great job!!!	1
Beautiful! Best ever calendar app which satisfy my needs. Even free version is great	1
Excellent calendar five stars	1
Still is the best calendar! I have been using this for at least 8 years now. It is the best calendar apps bar none. What more can I say?!	1
Its a calendar and it works, really I'm not too picky. Except for camera gear, good quality lenses will make or break you. Never use the plastic kit lenses for professional purposes. Lighting is also a major factor in images	1
Very useful app	1
Superb calander app I have found so far	1
Adding A PICTURE 😁👍😁 to an event is worth a 1000 words. BC2 can do it	1
Excellent . Thank you ...Well dedicated work	1
Excellent clean calendar app.	1
I've been using this app for 4 years now. It's the best but the interface is a bit tired. I'd like to see more gesture support like the Samsung or Google Calendar but it's still the best!	1
Te amo don't re ftyxx up they were C f de Leon if	1
Fantastic calendar. So much better than the Samsung calendar that came with my Note 10+.	1
This app has absolutely increased my productivity. I use it everyday.	1
After 7 years of using Business Calendar it no longer allows me to insert new events. Is there a problem? Please advise.	1
Me like. But one thing I don't like is if you schedule something over a couple of days. If you block out 8 hours in a day, the entire day looks occupied. But if you block out several days, it's just a little sliver along the top of the day entry. That makes no sense to me, I want the entire day to look blocked out.	1
Great app for organizing schedual	1
Very good	1
Love this app, easy to use, integrates seamlessly	1
Does everything I need to do with a calendar.	1
Very good all around.	1
A very user-friendly calender app, has the right features, would recommend it to others!	1
I don't care for the calendar app since Google Calendar is superior, however I use this app for the widget, which can be customized to be simplistic.	1
Been using it for years for my CalDav calendar on OwnCloud. Works great.	1
Negative: increase of ad's, everywhere!! Good: This calender allowed me to organize my day in a clutter-free manner. I was specifically looking for 1 feature: I needed to be able to categorize or tag each event and then be able to toggle them on and off as needed. So, I can turn off all birthdays or repeating events or work items or whatever, OR only see that item. This app allows you to categorize each event as needed. It's a bit tedious to update all of your events but later it's simple.	1
Use this app every day , have no had any problems	1
Very helpful app , now i can manage all of my day tasks from my mobile . It help you to remember all of your tasks . Thanks for this app . I tried to go premium , but some error appears on the screen , please help me to go premium .	1
It is profound, very flexible & easy to use dependable app. Yet still needs improvement particularly calenders should be more flexible and user friendly!	1
Great tool to stay organized	1
Updating my review to 5 star since I was able to get back my Pro access.	1
Love this app. Keeps all my appointments straight. Couldn't function without it.	1
Solid calendar alternative and better with Play Pass.	1
Perfect for my daily routine!	1
Easily the best and most customizable app of its kind. Pro version well worth the money. Highly recommend.	1
The best calendar and task app ever! I used it for many years now. It has a lot of features and customizations and it is still easy and intuitive to use! They keep adding new features and improvements all the time!	1
Great app	1
Good	1
I bought the pro version years ago now. Have consistently used it across various Galaxy S series devices. If ppl having issues u need to dwnld Google calendar, set calendars & accts etc through it, sync then set calendars in settings & sync BC2. Turn off google cal notifications so u don't get 2 & allow bckgrnd/don't optimize in BC2. These are all android 9+ OS if you use any battery saving setting on your device. Really, this is the most stable & consistent app ever. Backup settings to Drive.	1
Great app	1
I love this calendar. It is so easy to see different categories/types of appointments, very useful.	1
UPDATE: 5* still. Note20 Ultra. UPDATE: 5* again. Note8 now. Long time user here, on Galaxy Note4 now. Love the new design, but hate that I cannot fully trust it anymore, especially with templates (which used to be a big plus for v1.0). Specifically, on several occasions (and more than 1 template, it's not a settings fault) it will assign a random date to the event - for once, but not always, it seemed to be the date when the template was created?! Will update/upgrade stars when this is fixed.	1
I love this application so much. I can organize so much easier without having to pay. I love it.	1
Great accurate day date	1
Great Calendar. Use this for work and personal business. Had everything I need and more. I use my calendar a TON for work, and this app makes planning easier for me.	1
The best	1
Premium for dark mode? No thanks, I'll pass.	0
So you just put tasks in alphabetical order instead of the order in which I need to do them depending on the time there should be the capability to change that I do not want to read my tasks in alphabetical order I want to read them in the order that I placed them on my task list I'm uninstalling this app I don't know why I keep trying to use it, it never works well.	0
I subscribed for a year plan, and it's asking me to get a premium. I mean, I paid but can't use the premium feature, and its not even letting me log out! Trash bug.	0
Worst app	0
Very very very very very very bad or should I say the worst app I have ever seen. It doesn't let me sign in and even create account even if I agree every condition. I was so excited to try it after reading all the reviews but it is useless!!! 🙄🙄🙄🤬	0
Too many bugs in 10 minutes of use to keep. I saw so many bugs just trying to get it setup that I immediately requested a refund. Tasks that showed up twice when checking them off. Recurring task that didn't recure. I was more than willing to pay $30 for a planner that worked and had the feature i need.. Unfortunately this one didnt.	0
Not working on my lenovo tab2 and its crash my tablet system old ver . Work fine	0
You are required to give access to your calendar and contacts and other bs. If I wanted to use Google calendar I would use Google calendar. I want something not linked to any of my other accounts.	0
I love the idea of this however when I log an all day event it goes over into the next day which makes it very annoying so I am unable to use. Please fix asap. Still not working, Please can you sort this because I want to be able to use it.	0
very invasive into data collection	0
You cannot change the default online calendar. This does me no good to only have multiple local calendars.	0
Never use this app, only a little bit!	0
Got a new tablet which sync my notes fine after I uninstalled and signed back in. My new phone won't sync. On the app for my phone there is no place to sign out! Frustrating	0
Horrible product. Difficult to use, does not do half of what is shown. I even bought a pen for my tablet, but still is not any where as easy to use as advertised. Waste of money. I'd give it zero stars, but that is not an option.	0
Now hold on. I paid for the "premium version" a couple years ago for ad-free use. Decide to update the app for once and suddenly that's gone?	0
Wont let me create an account	0
Not a fan. I paid for the upgrade and it isn't working out for me. Maybe others will like it but I don't.	0
Doesn't look like the pictures at all. Exact same layout as your phone's calendar. Now new settings etc. Waste of time app.	0
I couldn't even make an account. It wont work	0
I see no difference in this and Google calendar	0
Extremely Disappointed. I had been a faithful user of this app and loved it. Then all of sudden everything changed. There is no cloud support. The tabs option is gone. There is no interface with established tasks list. I have tried and tried to use. I contacted support and they replied that due to streamlining the app it has a completely new appearance. I had uninstalled this app, however I felt I needed to write thos review. After I finish this, uninstalling this app. Useless to me.	0
Cannot get it to work on my Huawei P20. I have tried 3 times and cannot get it to sign in. It looks like it works fine on my iPad because I can sign up and get in but on my phone I am unable to do either. I needed something that I could use on both devices but am unable to get into in ob my phone	0
Too many ads, and it doesn't automatically save your work. Also, everytime I exit, and reopen it, it brings me to a different page than I was on.	0
I was really excited about this app but when I went to create an account it did not work. I tried logging in with my google account but it still didn't work. I am very disappointed	0
Rollback, right after editing.. pls fix this!	0
I can't get a refund and the app doesn't work. Google play is zero help and I can't reach a developer! I've been robbed.	0
Lousy app	0
I loaded the app on to my Amazon Fire. It will only display horizontally and I dont have the export option even though I have the Premium subscription. I can't export my Task list either.	0
In order to actually use the app as a planner, you have to pay money. Very misleading and dissapointing.	0
I use to love this app. It is the perfect organizer with great features. However for the last month+ it barely opens. I am lucky if it will actually open twice a day. The app will say not responding, opens to a black page, or doesn't do anything but freeze my phone momentarily. My life is saved into this app so I am so frustrated!!	0
Would not let me create a log in.	0
This app is not worth the $6 a year. Poorly developed with several glitches.	0
1 star for obligatory signup using Google /fb/twitter.	0
Doesn't work offline. requires internet and information. So not personal as it is over the internet. Sorry did not get past first screen requiring sign up... UNINSTALLED.	0
I couldn't even log in	0
Nope,all i ever wanted was to keep track of my stuff durring winter break,and no im an eight year old,and i have to enter an email,please god no god save this app	0
Can't sign in. And there are reviews from October saying the same. So... No improvement over months of having the same issue.	0
So disappointing!!! I used to love this app bit over the last few months it is Sooooooo glitchy! I just spent an hour deleting and checking off tasks from my to do list and everytime I think Im done, they show back up in triplicate!! Everything I changed IS STILL THERE AFTER AN HOUR!!! DOES THAT SOUND LIKE A GOOD TIME MANAGEMENT PROGRAM????? AND NO WAY TO CONTACT SUPPORT BECAUSE WHEN I TRY TO GET TO THE MENU IT SHOWS A BLACK SCREEN!!!!!	0
Trash dont waste ur time unless u want to pay for the things that should b free	0
I don't care for the dashboard	0
Couldn't even create a log in.	0
Piece of poo	0
NOTE TO SELF::: The demo version of this app is totally useless - so there is no way of knowing if this product will be able to meet my needs BEFORE paying for the premium version. I'll find another way to get my needs met. I'm sure there are other products available for free that would do the same things. Since I'm not allowed to testdrive all the bells and whistles - I am passing this app over. No thanks. UNINSTALLING.	0
Completed tasks continue to reappear	0
Lmao this app is so bad. Setting events is a pain, time zones don't work, the from time and to time of an event don't work. If you trust this app for your planning. I'm sure you'd go mad because of missing important meetings due to wrong time setting. Just use Microsoft Outlook etc and pay for it. This one is a waste of time	0
It won't allow you to create an account with e-mail address and password. Why give you the option but then doesn't work when you use it. If not resolved within a week uninstalling app.	0
Got a new phone and app now won't allow me to hit sign in button. Customer service is very slow to respond to help. Love the app for last 2 / 3 yrs but not being able to use now is not worth my $$$ paid for it & to think it just renewed	0
Why does this basic app need access to my contacts and refuse to work without? Give me a break you filthy parasites.	0
Closing and crashing when adding tasks and project. Support answering but doesn't help.	0
Not as advertised	0
Too complicated when putting on data. I'll stay with my diary.	0
Closes everytime I try to add a note, event or anything else since last update	0
This is just a re-skinned Samsung calendar, don't waste your time	0
The app does not work after last nights update	0
App has stopped opening	0
Suddenly not displaying all other calendars. And after reinstalling, app won't open.	0
wouldnt let me make an regular account without linking something to it.	0
well I just got it and attempted to.create an account and after unfilled out the info it would not submit it. what gives	0
could be better. pls fix the 'repeat' setting where i could accually pick the exact date and time. for example i have to study during mondays, tuesdays and fridays at 8 pm. the app isn't very specific about it deeming it useless to me. hoping for a better update.	0
over basic, definitely not worth 200 per year. pictures shown are not what the app looks like.	0
Was great at first, but a new bug makes it so that every time I unlock my phone i have to press the “home” button twice to be able to use my phone at all. I know that it is this app causing the problem as when I click on the recently used apps tab after the bug occurs, this app is always the only one shown. I will have to uninstall now because of this.	0
the app opens it self up whenever it wants to display an ad but the screen remains the same but i cant press anything. so it just opens up in the background all day long to display ads and make money when im not even using the app. this feature is ridiculous and it started happening every 5 minutes as opposed to every now and then so i just deleted the app.	0
I have used this app for years. I have always paid for the premium version. At first, it was my favorite app, but it has gotten steadily worse. Now it is very glitchy. It closes randomly and typically takes up to three minutes to open which is very embarrassing when I'm trying to set an appointment with a customer. It also randomly unchecks completed tasks and reverts to older versions of my schedule. The developers are uncaring and blame my phone (Note 8). I'm looking for a new app.	0
Doesn't update changes live or correctly, even. Was a waste of money for some basic app.	0
took $ before the renewal date. have not recieved my refund and canceled on the due date.	0
purchased the plus version and now with the update to pro, I no longer have my premium features.	0
will not be using ever again.	0
I cannot even create an account I fill in what's needed and I'm pressing the button and it's not working some1 help.	0
I loved this app, but until they get rid of the yearly charge after making us buy it to begin with I'll keep this at a 1. I did previously have this as 5 star, but I can't stand companies doing stuff like this.	0
not great.....	0
This is a great planner but I'm really annoyed that having previously paid for the Pro version I am now expected to pay an annual fee!!!	0
I liked this app, even paid for it, but uninstalled it today due to weird behavior. I see two other reviews here with a similar problem. The app will periodically launch itself, but it's just a black screen, and it creates a copy of my home screen - looks the same but frozen until I hit the close button, then the copy scrolls away and I can again use my phone. Just odd.	0
I have had this app for 2 years and absolutely loved it, after an update it would cut on automatically and freeze my phone. I would have to hit the open apps and close it before I could do anything with my phone. I have emailed and explained what it was doing, and I get am email wanting more explanation, so I did. several days later I get an email that wants a video showing. I don't think this will get fixed i paid for the pro version and i will not renew	0
ANNOYED paid for this years ago PAID full version and used it and recommended it! Now I am asked to pay YEARLY to remove ads! what joke! I paid for full add free version already and there is nothing new to justify the yearly purchase...	0
This app launches itself with an invisible overlay over my home screen. That is EXTREMELY suspect behavior and therefore uninstalling.	0
,infoo	0
I can't get new password. It sends message: email is not available.	0
it's simple enough to set up a task or event..but not once has it reminded me as set to. so looking for one that will.	0
when opening a sub-task from any view, the sub-task window does not even show the main list/task it is from	0
cant use if i dont allow permission for contacts? dumb	0
This app used to be great. Now it is garbage. A few months ago it started doubling a few tasks - no problem, I just delete the extras. Now I get 5 to 10 copies of every task I delete. It is worthless.   I can't forget the wait times to open the app, up to 8 minutes of staring at a black screen.   Oh, and the fact that in the past week or two it started giving me ads even though I have been using the paid version for years already.   I let them know a couple weeks ago and got no response.	0
Cannot log in on other devices.	0
I received a notice from planner pro this morning when I went to schedule some appts. it notifies me I cannot use the app until payment received. iI checked my bank and payment was made on 01/26/2019. I will be cancelling as unable to use.	0
Won't even let me make a new account. Unusable.	0
Can't get account created. Tried linking facebook and straight account creation... will not let me progress past sign in page.	0
Could not get the app to save event time properly. All I wanted was to put a due date between 11:50 p.m. and 11:59 p.m. on a certain day. WOULD NOT do it. The app kept automatically changing my times. That's annoying enough for me to ditch it and move on.	0
Amazingly useful app with horrible glitches every week when all checked tasks become undone and overdue and default calendar changed by itself.	0
i hate it😠	0
I thought upgrading and paying the $8 fee would allow me to use all of the functions of this app. It does not. I Haven't been able to sync any of my devices . Absolutely will not let me add an event. This was a waste of time and money. If I can't add my schedule on my lap top version then there's no point to this app. Plus there's no support or anyone to contact to help trouble shoot or credit me back .	0
uninstalled once i realized there are ads and it wipes your current Google calendar.	0
Shows annoying full screen ads that pop up from time to time!	0
uninstalled, it interferes with my normal Google calendar.	0
Want use only not sharing	0
This app deleted my whole google calender	0
don't bother with this planner app. there are lots of other apps that do the same thing. this app has intrusive ads thats pop up at random. if you close the app and open a different app planner pro will open a pop up on the new app your using. seriously don't even bother with this BS	0
Who puts ads on a calendar?! Y'all that desperate for money smh.	0
Does not integrate well across multiple cross-platform devices; more upsetting to discover this after paying for the app.	0
This app sucks if you dont have the Pro version. I only had for a few min and couldn't do more than add a task. I tried to add an event, and wanted to sync chromebook to cell but it wouldn't let me.	0
Infested with ads now. Downloaded to specifically view one calendar and set it so but it automatically syncs my Samsung and gmail calendars automatically every time I open it.	0
I lost all of my notes, and it wouldn't accept my passcode to get in any more so I deleted it and installed it again, then logged in and all of my stuff was gone. Please help, I need it back.	0
App became unusable with 11/06/18 update. Now the app takes 30-45 to open up after I click it and then I'm get an annoying ad that plays that I can't close for another 5-10 seconds. I'll be finding a new calendar app.	0
Please fixed it. Why i can't login my passcode. Damnly. Alot of doc i ve save inside	0
I have been using this for more than a year now, it was great, this is where i jot down notes on my classes and meetings, but this new update may have a bug i cant access it even with the correct pin i have entered Pls fix this issue, thanks	0
Cannot access the app	0
I tried adding the pro for $7.99 because I thought you could set daily reminders by just marking repeat daily it doesn't do that or any of the things I was hoping for, I have had it less than 24 hours and would like a refund, I have sent emails asking for help and haven't received anything back so I just want my money back and this app gone!	0
Will not accept passcode after today's update. Have been a paid user for some time and NEED my info back. Please fix and I will update my review. Useless to me until resolved.	0
No	0
It says you are downloading the pro version which is a complete lie.	0
This basically is just a purple version of Google calendar. It has the almost exact same layout as Google calendar without any extra features. I wanted to use this as planner for school seperate from my calendar but there was no way to have it not sync with Google. Don't bother getting this app just use calendar directly.	0
I liked it at first, even paid for it too but now it won't sync across my devices so I need to find something else that will	0
Absolutely terrible customer service. They refused after several years to fix the 9.7 tablet aspect ratio. For a paying customer this is absolutely poor customer service has never work properly once don't buy those that run away	0
Could not even create a account	0
A negative experience.  I wasn't using it and forgot about it until it was renewing.  I didn't port it over to a new phone and it seems  you can't cancel the app except through the app.  This means I would have to install it on my new phone, give it permission to access my information, then cancel the subscription and uninstall it.  Other apps on my phone with subscriptions I can cancel through Google Play.  Apparently not this one.	0
"Started my account with outlook and went to put it on my phone apparently 
forgot password so hit forgot password and it said I didn't have an account 
so I went back to my tablet and it told me the same thing. I even put a pin 
in my phone and the pin was right, but it had deleted everything all the 
same and told me again I didn't have an account after making another new 
one. This app would be great if it didn't delete everything all the time. I 
would have recommended it before all this happened but not any more"	0
"You are Nutzzz? I am not going to pay you Yearly for this. It is simply Not 
worth it."	0
"I set up an account Set up tasks for the week Now it says my email and 
password are not on file. How do I correct this"	0
Wants you to buy full version for tasks	0
You have to pay for reminders? Not worth it	0
"Used the trial but it consistently asks for a pin to open it. I have no pin 
for it. I have installed and uninstalled it multiple times with the same 
result. If the free version doesn't work, I won't be spending money on a 
full version!"	0
Absolute trash. You can't do anything without paying 7.99 😑	0
Dates are wrong!!	0
"It was a bad app it was to challenging and it was so stupid. I would not 
recommend it to anyone. DONT GET IT IT SERIOUSLY SUCKS!!!!!!!"	0
"Why do they need my age? Uninstalled straight.... Who knows whatever data 
is being harvested"	0
"Don't bother unless you pay them($7.99yr) they don't offer a 
trial(suspicious) and you get NO access to features without paying. Too 
many other apps just like this that are much cheaper and let you TRY the 
pay version before paying."	0
"I think this is more on the app store side. Shows download but never 
progresses past that. I have a new Note 8"	0
"I wanted a calendar app to keep track of business appointments separate 
from my personal appointments; however, this app automatically synced with 
my other calendar, combining all appointments. I have reached out to them 
for assistance but recieved no help. Very disappointed."	0
How do I contact you to get my passcode changed- can't get in!  Website not valid.  Please help.  The app looks like what I want to use but can't get in.  My bad, but need your help!	0
Requires too many permissions, suspicious. Also seems to be online only. Unacceptable.	0
It does not work as the ad	0
You shouldn't have to pay to get access for reoccurring events	0
They've redone the layout and it's horrible	0
Will not sync calendars	0
I purchased the upgrade subscription and found no meaningful difference between the free application and the subscription application. I feel ripped off and immediately ask for the return of my money.	0
This used to be my go-to planner app but now it's so buggy. Always undoes my settings and turns back on 24 hour format (EDIT: A year later and this has only gotten WORSE! Where are the supposed bug fixes?) and doesn't push important task notifications I've set. I bought the pro version a while ago when it was a single payment purchase, but now apparently I no longer can use it and it's a yearly subscription. That wasn't a condition when I bought it and I would never have bought it if I'd known they'd convert to yearly subs. Not worth it.	0
Can't set a daily reminder without paying.	0
It charges you 5 dollars for the same thing Google provides	0
I have used this app for a while but two days ago it lost much of my data and now closes every time I try to use it . I tried to reboot the device but to no avail . I tried to contact support to no avail .	0
I uninstalled immediately.  I am looking for a calendar that allows for me to have repeating tasks on the same day of every month.  This app does not do this.  It only repeats monthly, not on the same day of every month.  Then when you try to change the date for the task it doesn't populate correctly.  Very disappointing. Plus the only way to see if this feature was possible was to purchase a subscription.	0
All phones come with built in calendars. To use this app as anything more than a basic calendar you have to pay $5. I would not consider that a free app, as the only part that's free is the part you already have access to.	0
You shouldn't have to have an account	0
Can't create account.	0
Not interested in any app that expects me to open an account before I can see anything associated within the app smh	0
It doesn't work at all!!	0
I keep trying to edit the settings to be on 12 hour format and only include one of my accounts, but the settings keep going back to original settings.	0
I set up a passcode and now it won't let me in. Can I bypass this? If I can't I will be asking for a refund.	0
Didn't work, I've tried this before and it's never worked, don't waste your time	0
Not usable without purchasing	0
I chose the password route then they kicked me out my own account. I hate Google play services.	0
I purchsed it in order to use projects and subtasks.  Disappointed to see its just tasks under projects and doesnt really have subtasis at all.  How do I cancel my subscription?	0
In short, the app is just like a phone calendar. I dont see the point in installing an app on my phone that my phone already came with. Would be better if the days we boxed or lengthy sections	0
Dont waist your money or time with this app.	0
Im not paying for it. I dont care how good it is	0
Looked good until I used it	0
Why should I have to sign up for a calendar app!? And why does it need my contacts info? I don't trust apps like this one! there are plenty of great free apps that don't require sign up. I am uninstalling. I recommend Time tune instead...	0
This is absolutely worthless. Actually, it's probably awesome, but only if you pay for the full version! Seriously? Great marketing, y'all. Imply that you get everything for free then come to find out you even have to pay for recurring events! How ridiculous is that? Right. Not that it's that expensive, but one it's a yearly payment, and two, who's going to pay for anything they aren't sure will work just right? Not me...   Developers, I'm being extra generous and giving you two stars, because it's a good app behind the payment and it's only $5 a year. But for real? Recurring events? I should not have to pay for that. And don't advertise projects or anything  else  we are forced to pay for with free features.	0
Used this app one day and it wouldn't accept my pin to get in. I e-mailed support and never heard a word from them. The app itself seemed decent but support is horrible.	0
You can't even look at your schedule in the weekly view without paying their $5/yr subscription. Trash.	0
I downloaded this planner app for a secondary use. It completely wiped out everything in my phone calendar which is primary!	0
There's no point in downloading this app as it just repeats what any basic calendar app does.	0
I hate the lay out. It's really confusing.	0
Requires access to my contacts. Not cool.	0
Installed on Galaxy S8 phone. Can't get the app to unlock. Screen requires PIN #. I don't recall setting up a PIN#. None of the PIN#'s I use can open the app. I've tried uninstall + reboot + reinstall the app, but "no joy"; still stuck at the same "Enter Your Passcode" screen. Appxy Tech Support seems unable to solve the problem.	0
Logged out. Could not log back in. Tried a password reset got invalid email. Tried to recreate account got email already exists.	0
I don't like this app because once you sign up you can't delete your account! It sucks! The support team won't respond to me and it's been an hour now. I would not recommend this app to anyone. Don't waste your time.	0
Won't  sync	0
The description of this app says it supports tasks - but doesn't tell you it only works in the paid version.  Tasks are the ONLY reason I downloaded, and I will not pay for an app when I can't try out a feature, first.  I feel like this developer has stolen my contact information now - very shady. Will not use this or any of their other apps.  Uninstalling, with a vengeance.  Going back to Google calendar and Google Keep, and will continue to look for an app that works like those two google apps in an integrated single app...or works similar tor Microsoft Outlook.	0
Since the last update the app won't load. I've lost all my notes and homework for my class 😭 please fix and I will change my review. I usually love this app 😤	0
Won't sync as promised. Did when I first loaded it but not now. No good if it doesnt	0
How do I cancel the yearly subscription?	0
Free to download. Not free to schedule projects. Might as well write things down on notebook paper.	0
Butty	0
I had pretty high hopes for this app, but the Passcode feature doesn't work. You set the passcode, close the app. The next time you log in, with the passcode, you get an error stating your password has been changed. You then have to sign in with your actual password. If you close the app again, you get asked for your passcode --NOT your passWORD. But your passcode doesn't work anymore, that time. So you get locked out and have to uninstall the app entirely just to get back into it. The passcode option is useless. IDK how I feel about the rest of the features.	0
After paying the $5 I decided I didn't like it and canceled.... No refunds....rip off!!!	0
No reason to have to register before you can use it!  Don't like my info to spread online for privacy reason's. So bc you make people register is why i Uninstalled app	0
Sucks... Within 1 minute... Ugh	0
This app is worthless if you don't buy full version. I don't recommend downloading it!	0
It's a shame that you have a create a profile or give any of your social media account in order to log in.	0
I can't do the setting thingy	0
It seems like it just a regular calander unless you pay for the full version.	0
Won't let me even test the features of the program without the hassle of creating a full account. Uninstalled.	0
Pathetic app. The date does not change at 12am but it changes at 12pm and the developer doesn't even care to solve the issue. Worst app which doesn't even serve its purpose.	0
To use this app fully the want you to pay. There are many that don't so why waste money	0
WHY DO I NEED TO CREATE AN ACCOUNT?!  I already downloaded the damn thing, so why does it require an account sign in?  UNINSTALLED.	0
Can't do recurring tasks without paying for it. The calendar my phone came with can do more then this one.	0
Sucks only does what calender does.  Don't need it.	0
Had this horrible app for about 3 minutes and deleted it.	0
I like the interface a ton more than the Google calendar and I would use it of it didn't have so many bugs with sharing calendars. It worked briefly and then stopped. By the end my events disappeared. My settings were all right but it just didn't work for me. I need a calendar that I can edit with my employer. The help email couldn't help and stopped responding. Uninstalled. Too bad I already bought the computer app.	0
I haven't used this app or been charged in over a year!!! Now you guys charged me!? PUT MY MONEY BACK ON THE CARD NOW OR I WILL REPORT YOU TO GOOGLE!	0
If you don't allow access to the contacts you can't use the app. REALLY??? NO app, I repeat NO APP needs access to contacts to run. My contacts are private and none of your business. I've denied access on every single app that asks for it and they all run fine. You apparently are too persistent for reasons I can't see... uninstalled on the spot. Let me know when you reconsider your requirements.	0
The fact that it forces landscape view is completely absurd.	0
You must grant permission to access calendars for Google account already on the phone, or it won't work. If I wanted to use that calendar, why would I download this app? Also, for week view, you have to pay $4.99/year? That's outrageous. I'd consider a one-time payment of $4.99, but that's a bit too steep, as well.	0
Planner Pro annual subscriber. App has stopped working. Force closes on any action using widget.	0
No at all free. Should be in payed app section.	0
It is so dumb it starts off with the wrong month and you can do barley anything on it	0
With in 2 minutes the Pascoe locked me out then didn't recognize my email. Not bothering to email since I didn't even get a chance to try it yet.	0
It was terrible. I couldn't even sign up. It keeps glitching!😒	0
This app changed the password I had and I don't know what it is what do I do?	0
The app glitches a lot. It's the oddest thing, I will be setting an important appointment time for a day in June, but it will randomly place my appointment in September. I was trying to figure out what day of the week an event want going to be on, and I was looking at the September 2017 page but it was showing me dates for October 2017 even though it said "September" at the top. This has happened multiple times and I've missed 2 appointments in the past momth because my dates were not saved in the correct spot or not at all.   I do not reccomed this app even if you're desprate.	0
Make it free	0
I lost all my records because these people quit supporting their app and are impossible to get ahold. It does not sync like it's supposed to so if you get a new device every record you ever put on this app is gone period!	0
Great 👍 app!	1
I like using it, my way of keeping track of different things.	1
Very easy and quick to use. No clicking thru a dozen screens to get what I need.	1
I love it	1
Terbaik	1
Helps me to stay organized during nursing school better than anything else I have tried.	1
It's simple with a clean interface. Does the job.	1
This Planner Pro is exactly what's needed to keep me on track of my daily activities. Easy to use. Reminds me of each upcoming event. No longer rely on paper generated planners. Highly recommend.	1
Nice App, I am loving it	1
Looking forward to learning what this app can do.	1
Must hai must Review padhne me time waste na kare Phata phat download kare or use kare	1
Nice and useful	1
Very intuitive, smooth, beneficial, efficient, and hassle free.	1
Best planner I've ever used for organizing tasks and events. Many thanks	1
I love this App	1
Works very well with my tablet . makes keeping up with my job and family life very easy	1
Mto bom e prático	1
Excellent	1
Helpfull application	1
It's helpful to plan your schedule out in this planner app. I think it will be a life saver one day.	1
Can tailor it to my needs and use it as much as I want or not. Plan it and forget it	1
Cross enters info amomgst calendars its a very good apl	1
Just what I was looking for in a planner. Love it.	1
I love how you can do tasks, lists & appt planing all in one!	1
Love this planner pro. It reminds you if you put hrs or mins before appointment. Great app	1
Simple to enter and monitor appointments	1
Nice has every section you need and a full size calendar.	1
Super	1
Very handy app. Syncs well. Go big and subscribe!	1
This app really helps me stay organized and keep track of what I have to do for school, because I am taking all AP classes, and have ADHD	1
I have been using Planner Pro for several years. I like this organizer much better than others I've tried. I don't like the ones that come with the phones. Planner Pro works better, for me, with my Samsung Notes than with my LG's. The calendar is clean and well organized. I can have several different calendars all working together or separately, ie work, family, personal, groups, and volunteer. I definitely recommend the Planner Pro. Plus it works well with my Gmail calendar.	1
Works for me	1
تطبيق ممتاز واكثر من رائع	1
Great app. Simple to use.	1
It works well for my needs	1
Awesome, fantastic app👍✌️	1
Very useful	1
can able to di effective planning	1
Great app and great tech support too.	1
Love this application works better than the calender app that came with my phone!!!	1
This has been my go-to planner for a few years. I use it for everything, and it has never failed me. I love that you can set multiple reminders with notifications or emails at particular timepoints before an event. You can add a location to each event or task, invite people to events, and set priorities for tasks. The app also has a "notes" feature...I can't say enough good things about this app. It keeps me put together. Thank you to the developers!!! 💯💯💯	1
I haven't had a chance to use all the options available yet. So far I am satisfied with it.	1
Super useful tool that integrates with pre-existing calendar info you have. Allows you to coehesively plan your day to day tasks and worklife in the priority you determine. Notes, dates, appts., calendar, tasks, projects; this is really an all in one!!! After 2 days of use, I bought the lifetime one time purchase. Cheap, worth it!	1
Great app. Helps me to keep my life organised. User-friendly.	1
Helps keep track of important things	1
The best planner app I've used and I've tried out a lot.	1
Excellent app highly recommend it.	1
excellenf	1
It's good, recommended it	1
This is the best planner app I've come across so far.... Simple to use and I loved the fact that if i miss any of my task of the day and don't check it, it appears with the next day's tasks as overdue	1
This is a wonderful reminder, especially to the older generation.	1
Useful and easy to use. :)	1
Works perfect for me in any device. I am using the app long time ago, is very easy and nice to have all organized.	1
Great app	1
I have used this several years as my primary calendar. Easy to use and see entries for each day	1
I have been using this app for years now. I like that it connects to all my other calendars (Gmail etc.) and that I can choose which calendars I want synced at any time. I highly recommend this app.	1
Simple and easy to use Can be linked to all your other devices	1
Love this app so organized	1
Great place to keep notes	1
This app helps me compartmentalize my hectic life. Thank you for such a great app, its a life changer.	1
Love it!	1
Works well and don't bother you	1
I am a list maker and I love that I can prioritize my tasks by importance.	1
This is the best app I have seen in this whole universe it has all the features everyone should download this app 😗😗😗😗😙😙😙😙	1
Very easy to navigate. I love it	1
Very good..	1
Very useful	1
Great	1
Uncompliziert und praktisch. Nur die Geburtstage werden immer auf 2 Tage verteilt 🤔	1
Very helpful to remember repeating tasks	1
Really keeps things organized!!	1
So far liken it	1
help me to organize my schedule in one stop need (calendar, tast, notes, etc) thanks Planner Pro!	1
So far, great.	1
Bug was fixed. This is for Samsung S10e and Note 10	1
Very easy to use. I have not experienced any problems with this app.	1
I love this planner it keeps me on schedule and I can write in Notes to clock hour's	1
Great app!	1
I use this planner on a daily basis. It keeps me straight! Love it!!!	1
It keeps me accountable 😁	1
So good. I won't worry at all. And I can catch up at things without missing anything. I got my routine right either. And I cannot forget and miss things too often. Good. It's so good....	1
Good	1
This app has helped me to organize my daily task.	1
Excellent	1
Its good App	1
Love it. As a Franklin planner user since '84, this is the closest app that I have found to that format. Only wish I would have is for a windows version that I could use on my office desktop that would sync across to my android phone and tablet.	1
Easy to use	1
Very efficient	1
Very useful app	1
Using it for couple of year now excellent app great experience 👍	1
Great app	1
Simple and easy to use app to schedule daily, weekly, and monthly tasks.	1
I've been using planner pro for at least 2 years. Has not disappointed!	1
Good one but you might get disturbed by frequent adds	1
Great app. Love that it links to my Google calendar.	1
Enjoy to use photo on notes as reminder.	1
It's simply amazing	1
Love it keeps me organised	1
I'd be lost without this app. Love it, keeps me organized	1
Excellent app... Good job!	1
Excellent	1
Great app	1
Very handy tool	1
Awesome app	1
I loved the franklin planners and this is as close as it comes so good job	1
Definitely the best planner as I have been a user for the past 3 yrs.	1
For many years I used the franklin covey system and enjoyed it but I'm enjoying the planner pro giving me the same thing but at my fingertips and convenience to carry.	1
Organization at its finest	1
Always reliable when I needed it. Easy to use.	1
Very helpful to keep tract activities daily, monthy and annualy.	1
Nice app	1
I love this planner app because I can see all my events/appointments, tasks & notes at a glance. The best planner app I've found. Simple design....easy to use!	1
Great app	1
I've been using for 3-4 years....look at other things for a day or 2 and I always come back to this	1
I use this app daily! I love it! Great job wouldn't change anything	1
Love	1
I love thiis app	1
This is the best planner app I've used so far.	1
Love this app. Posts on my home screen ( with a widget) so I see my appointments at all times. Easy to use..	1
This is by far the best Day Planner App I have found, and I have tried most of them! Having your Tasks and Calendar all together in the one place really suits the way I like to work. It also means you are less likely to miss something because you didn't check you Task App or Calendar that day. Sure there are a couple if things I'd like to see added, but you can say that about almost any App!	1
Senang kerja x payah bawak buku sana sini, resit/claim amik gambar terus xdela pudar atau hilang.. This apps is worth it to purchase..	1
Great app	1
I used a Franklin Planner, this is a great alternative to going the digital route. This is used daily for me in taking notes troughout the day and setting up tasks that need completed.	1
Excellent. Very helpful.	1
I love this app. It keeps me up to date	1
Professional	1
This app has really helped me keep my busy life together with task reminders on my phone and syncing with my google calendar.	1
Great planner! Very easy to use. I have had no problems with this app.	1
Very dependable and easy to use. I have been using this app for a few years without glitches.	1
Excellent app, clear, very professional, easy to use	1
Love Planner Pro to keep up with tasks and appointments. Optional alarms for meetings and events are very helpful to keep me on track.	1
helpfull and easy to doung my to do list everyday	1
Useful to make qiuck notes about daily activities.	1
Love this app. Very user friendly and easy to link schedule with other devices.	1
Awesome	1
superb 👌 👌👌👌👌	1
Great app	1
An ace planner app	1
Great, robust & easy to use	1
Great planer	1
5 stars	1
I love being able to color code appointments and to list tasks separately. Reminder pop ups are wonderful, also.	1
Excellent app! I run my own business and this helps me keep all of my appointments and events organized so I don't forget anything.	1
Very helpful. I use it every day of my life	1
Easy to work out the app	1
Very helpful	1
Been using this app for for years now and I really love it and help me organize stuff/schedules.	1
Really helpful and simple	1
Very useful in my day to day activity. Able to share different calander events with others and view theirs as well.	1
I'm crazy about organizing and lists I absolutely love this app!	1
Happy with this app. It keeps me organized.	1
Love it, easy to use and great for reminders. Best part of it is that you can link it to your Google calendar.	1
Have used for several years. It's one of the best digital planners for fans of the Franklin Covey approach.	1
Love it!! Love that it keeps what I did that day forever and crosses it out!! Just like on a piece of paper and you can have a note section!!!	1
Great App	1
Very helpful and users friendly app.	1
I have used this App for years now and really find it helpful. I like that it is synched to my email and also the fact that it is very easy to use. It also doesn't have any adds so there are no interruptions when in use.	1
very useful. its where I note my accomplishments for the day as well as my planned tasks/events.. thanks to the developer of this app..	1
love this	1
Super easy to use and it has been a life saver recently. I love the layouts. I wish there was a desktop version, too.	1
Amazing. Really organised with a bunch of great features!	1
I love it :)	1
Great , use it daily . Quick and easy when i'm in a hurry. Would be nice to have a vehicle checklists ...etc	1
Love great date keeper	1
It was the best Just one thing is not good😑 That is not hard I need to reorder by finger rapid and soft Like wunderlist and others... (I don't wanna to go in task and change priority 🤦‍♂️ It's so hard to imagine 🤔that work was what?.. ) You are great ! Thank you.	1
Xxx	1
Great for stalking	1
Great app	1
My favorite planner 🙂	1
Brilliant	1
Good simple screen, best I've seen for a while. Also brings together Calendar, Tasks and Notes.	1
My dày	1
I've used planner pro for 5 years or more now. Couldn't do without it.	1
Very useful	1
Best planner out there! I love the ability to take notes, journal, track projects, schedule events and to-dos all in one place. Excellent!!!	1
Great job	1
This is the best planing app I could find on the play store. It syncs with my Google calendar enabling it to be an all inclusive planner, but also has lots of personal orginazational abilities. I am very impressed with this planner and would recommend it to anyone who likes to be very well planned.	1
Excellent	1
love it	1
This aponit the best. I think it's great. I love how you can set tasks and reminders.	1
very nice app. i frequently used it since 2014. until now.	1
good	1
This app is super helpful! 10/10	1
Great support, ads were displayed, dev had it fixed in a day. Thank you, and great product. it's the closest thing to a Franklin Planner I have found.	1
😍	1
This is by far the best overall organizer app I have found. My only complaint would be the lack of multi tiered tasks.	1
I have never seen a more beautifully designed calendar+planner app. Easy on eyes, strikes a great balance between functionality and simplicity (Google and Microsoft calendar apps should take inspiration from this) and ... just great. When I start earning I'm definitely going to buy this app just to show gratitude :)	1
good app	1
it is so good	1
You win, take my money. I have been using this app for many years and never bought the upgrade. I recently upgraded to the S10, and between Bixby, Google, and many planning apps, I just couldn't separate myself from this one. I simply have not found an app that's easier to add and complete tasks. Also the task widget is just hands down better than every other one out there. So fine, if you want to add fullscreen ads (and have the audacity to include sound) then take my money you can have it.	1
good	1
excellent app.	1
vb	1
user friendly. nice.	1
its ok But we can not undestad repeated task shedule	1
I really like the planner, it helps me achieve my tasks, goals & have an avenue to scribe my ideas down. Double thumbs up!	1
😁****😁	1
Very useful apps. You must try it	1
Would pay for this if there were even more additions and updates. Absolutely love it and wish they would develop it even further	1
Sooow good	1
