Great music service, the audio is high quality and the app is easy to use. Also very quick and friendly support.	1
Please ignore previous negative rating. This app is super great. I give it five stars+	1
Really buggy and terrible to use as of recently	0
Dear Spotify why do I get songs that I didn't put on my playlist??? And why do we have shuffle play?	0
I love the selection and the lyrics are provided with the song you're listening to!	1
It's a great app and the best mp3 music app I have ever used but there is one problem that, why can't we play some songs or find some songs? despite this the app is wonderful I recommend it. it's just the best.	1
I'm deleting this app, for the following reasons: This app now has a failing business model. Whether streaming services like it, or not: the consumer doesn't want to pay for music they can't fully own, and 6 ads successively, upon logging in, before a single song, is too much. Closed the app during ad number 6, and I'm more patient than most. If those are the only ways you can profit: you've already peaked. All that's left is your decline.	0
Love Spotify, and usually this app is the best, but as others have stated; the control buttons disappear and podcasts stop for no reason, which is only fixed by deleting and reinstalling the app. First world problems for sure, but highly annoying nonetheless, especially when paying for prime.	0
Can't play Spotify when on WiFi	0
I had amazon premium music family package and it was good. Everyone could listen to whatever they liked on their respective alexas in their rooms by just asking to play, no problem. We now have spotify premium family and the alexa integration is poor. It just doesn't like spotify. It just stops playing all of the time , you can't play on different alexa devices at the same time just by asking. Why isn't the integration better?	0
Worst app always says I'm offline and never showed any song or podcast	0
i hav any music that i like it is super🙌	1
Improve the IA to recommend songs and to find similar songs and it'll be the best music app, YouTube is better on that, on everything else, Spotify is the king!	1
Android user - there are loads of glitches with this app... player bar disappears, shuffle button missing....sort it out please	0
It always crashing down; unable to play and just stop working everytime I use it	0
I know ads are the cost to free use And yes thats all right But 3 ads straight back to back Like for 1 and a hlaf minutes sometimes Don't you think that's a little much ? And even the volume increases just for the Ads.	0
This will always be my favorite platform to listen to music on. I don't like to subscribe to alot of things, but this one is a must have.	1
usually I love the app, but I'm having the same problems everyone else is reporting. Random pauses, stops playing and doesn't restart, and currently I can't view the song or podcast I'm currently playing so I can't pause or skip back and forth. It's fairly unusable at this stage which isn't acceptable for a paid service.	0
Like that is has Everything I like to listen to. And with no commercial even better. Even the more like this are songs I've been wanting and not knowing the name brought some out! Thanks Spotify!	1
JAMMIN' up in HYUH! Old school hardcore and thrash I haven't heard in years. Return to my youth? YES PLEASE !	1
cant listen to downloaded stuff when offline	0
Why this app show no internet available when both phone and wifi data is working. I already Fred up with adds now this happens all the time i want to search for song.	0
The best music app ever I have seen	1
WOW!! ....all of a sudden my login doesn't work. Even though I'm 100% positive it is correct. This morning my app asks me to login? Why? This hasn't happened before, so obviously you are having some problems. Just found an email in my account telling me to change my password because of 'suspicious behaviour'.... yeah because logging into Spotify on my Xbox is suspicious!? Thanks for the stress this morning, didn't need that. I won't be renewing....my way of teaching you a lesson.	0
Am unable to use on my ph .....it gets downloaded but unable to log in	0
Plz remove adds as because ther are continuously 2 to 3 adds at list remove 2 adds and give 1 adds	0
Liked songs play offline , helps with signal problems	1
Good app for listening music..	1
No commercials, and no adds no need for wifi it can use the satellite radio station to pick up or at least that's how it looks	1
Wide range of songs collection	1
What's the deal here? Compared to the desktop version, this is inferior to it! Why is the ability to play any songs so bare or if not, barely free? Is there more that need to be said about this? I think I made my point clear enough!	0
Best app to stream music!	1
My account was glitching so I logged out to try and fix it but now it won't let me log back in, it only shows the logo but never the sign in screen	0
Everything I go to open the app in the last week, there's no play bar, and now when I go to open it, it just shuts right back down.	0
Lost download button. Can't download playlists.	0
Love this app. The style of music selection is more specific.	1
Pretty good apps for better quality musics	1
love most of the features in the app but one thing is a bit expensive at each month subcription for $9.90	1
Podcasts becoming a nightmare. Trying to get rid of podcasts on this app is ridiculous. Stupid things are all over the home page. You can click not interested till you're blue in the face and I'll just keep throwing up more spam casts.	0
Best birthday present I have ever received from my baby brother! I listen to something at least everyday. So happy of the selection of Christian artists and music. Love finding new artists. Let just listening to great podcasts. Thank you so much for such a wonderful app!	1
The sound quality is really good and I can listen to my favourite songs anytime and anywhere without any disturbance. That's really good experience 👍 I loved this app alot. Keep providing us the best service 👍👍	1
Keeps cutting out and not showing what song is playing	0
Very unuser friendly as compared to ipad and pc	0
As a paying customer there is nothing I can say about Spotify. It is perfecto.	1
So much adds like I get 6 adds before I start a song and you need premium just play a song itself.	0
Exceptional application for online songs. I loved the option of merging the app with inter music player of samsung. Overall, application works flows less.	1
Spotify is better than joox fosho	1
Since Disney started to pay for ads for Disney+, the non-premium version of Spotify became useless because after 1 or 2 songs you get at least 2 ads, one or two from Disney+ and sometimes one more. I will change my review if I won't get so many ads.	0
It's great for listening to your favorite artists	1
Trash app. Can't even log in via FB account.	0
This app is incredible. It's very very good to use and I am enjoying my music everyday, every minute and every seconds. I love it.	1
This app is so good and cool i am very interested to this app i loved it so much iam listening every day and night Spotify i am full supporting this app i suggested to try this app and do fun with Spotify and I just say try Spotify try it now and and are you a army , a blink so this app is very good for you armies and blinks and today is very special day for armies this is a army day love you armies love you blinks and i am so happy to this app spotify try Spotif love you Spotify 😊😊😊😁😁😁😁	1
It was good at first, but it wouldnt let me pick a song and it had forced me to listen to an entire playlist to get to my fav song because they limited it to 6 skips per hour, why are you limiting skiping songs?	0
would rate it 5. but whenever, i play something on my playlist it changes to a different song and not my playlist . i hope this get fixed soon.	0
Love the app... A few small issues though.. 1. I find a song and add to liked, then look for the same song and it takes me to a whole different playlist Please fix.	0
I didn't really like the app. Whenever I play a song, it just plays a different one.	0
Had no issues with this app for years being a premium user but now really struggling with it. As someone else said before, there is now no player so can't skip, pause etc. Not sure if this is because I'm on a Samsung Galaxy? As it does come back briefly if I restart my phone 🤷‍♀️	0
It always stuck at black screen	0
Great music quality	1
I will give less than one star the app plays too many adds after each and every song As I have not purchased premium this gives too many adds which irritate a lot in your mood.	0
Awesome but some songs I can't find	1
Work really well with Android Auto on those long drives home.	1
Please turn off shuffle play!!!	0
Very glitchy, audio randomly drops out or stops playing. Control bar disappears from the bottom of the screen and unable to pause, stop or skip audio without closing out of the app.	0
I hate this If i have spotify free i can only listen to the half of the song on mobile hate this f#$× u	0
I uninstalled this app because I don't have any use for it anymore and as soon as I did that, the ads for it appeared on YouTube videos Just how freaking desperate do you have to be to promote it this much Please buzz off	0
I love Spotify, I listen more and more, music an podcasts. We have a premium account, it's worth every penny.	1
What the hell? I'm having the same issue as "The Patoto Man", minus random songs being added. I can't even choose any song at all that I want to play. I can't view them properly, I can't play them directly and it only starts a 10 second snippet of the song. I can't even listen to any music I want, and can't even have playlists play the music I want. And the big one, it all seems to just be a Samsung/ Google Play Store issue. I can play just fine on Apple mobile devices like iPads.	0
Dude the app is good and all but just today I was using it and later in the day I check it and it won't let me play my playlist, and random songs are added toy playlist I can't even select a song I want to play I can only listen to it for a short period of time, and it says "you added" in your playlist and then bottom part says "we added" I don't know what to do I just want to listen to the full songs without random bots adding random songs that I don't even like and have any interest.	0
It's awesome and great music app	1
Works super well.... When it works... The app doesnt seem to want to load 3/4ths of the time. Ultra laggy. Locks up my phone occationally... Makes no sense. Otherwise. Features are plentiful and you can find most anything.	0
I can't even listen to my favorite songs bc of the shuffle and I tried different accounts and it doesn't even change even a little	0
it does'nt let you choose your songs	0
The load time is wonderful and very short and you don't have to wait long to hear the next best thing.	1
I love listening to music (I use it as a coping mechanism), so I love Spotify so much too. But, about 3 days ago (?), my Spotify wouldn't load, it would just stay on the spotify logo screen thing. Tried installing it and uninstalling it for 5 times, restarted my phone 2 times, cleared the cache/data for about 8 times, and I still can't open it (also waited for an hour for it to load).	0
Used to be good. It dont let me play my playlists, pause, stop, start and go back a track from my phone (samsung). I emailed spotify and asked help from a member but nothings working.	0
For an app that has been available for 8 years, the amount of issues I have is frustrating. Like some other say, it stops playing randomly while in the background, even though I allow background data use and all that. At times while running in the background, the app dissappears from my toolbar and I have to open it independently, then I have no way to click on what is playing at the bottom so I must force close it.	0
I really enjoy My Music life Nice App Thanks for Spotify	1
i cant open the app. it's been 2 days please fix this.	0
Love spotify great for all the family	1
This app worked well until v8.6.98.900, when trying to install newer versions of the app, my pioneer car system wouldn't work with spotify anymore. This means that I have to upgrade all my apps manually to be able to keep the last working version of their app. Hope spotify will fix their broken app soon.	0
I use to love this app, but I soon hated it because it keeps on playing music and other songs that isn't on my playlists or my liked songs, I've turned off the option for it to do that ( play similar Songs when your playlists ends. Something like that ) but it doesn't work, I don't recommend.	0
Excellent music experience	1
This is an amazing app I use it all the time and it's very affordable. If you are looking for a app to lift your mood Spotify it the one you go for.	1
Spotify has literally accounted for everything when it comes to your best music experience. It's so easy to use but there's still so many features and I honestly didn't realize how much I needed it until I got it. Would recommend above apple music as it's more aesthetically pleasing and has way better features. GET SPOTIFY!!! (I do have premium) but even with ads it's still good.	1
Sometimes it is not working	0
Very annoying and disturbing	0
Good audio play experience with spotify.	1
The best music app till now ...	1
I have gotten 10 ads in a row trying to listen to a single song. The ads were longer then the sond	0
I have used this app for the last 2 years straight, always use premium, it's an essential	1
App stuck on loading black screen with Spotify logo, restarted, reinstalled, no luck! Using Note 20 ultra	0
Worst app for music,so many ads.	0
Best song app all over	1
I love 💓 this app . It has ads but not that level, that's the reason. And you can choose your favorite artist. You can enjoy different Playlist in just 28 mb. And resso use 68 mb. So I prefer Spotify.	1
Nice music quality	1
Amazing songs and artists!!! Great app 10/10 review!!	1
Not bad but not good. I wanted to listen to a song that I like but suddenly it played a different song. I tried adding my fav songs to my playlist but it played a song that I did not add on my playlist. Well, that's okay.	0
I really love it my favorite thing about this app is the lyrics 😍 it's amazing I love singing along with my favorite songs 🎵 💕	1
Best music app....best collections.....they wil create playlists specially for youu...I loved it best app ever	1
Nice app but the ads is very disturbing	1
Stopped working this morning for some reason.	0
How long will it take to fix the payment option. Being on the free plan is not a nice experience. I want to get back on Premium but its failed now for the 2nd month.	0
This is nice app i love spotify	1
Easy play, and all singers and songs I wanted is here.Thank you	1
The recommendations are always for popular stuff no matter what you listen to. Worst recommendations of all time. There is little to no effort put into these. If you made a playlist exclusively with 90's Norwegian death metal this dumb app would trip over it's dick racing to suggest Island in the Sun by Weezer. The now playing bar only exists most of the time making it almost impossible to use without restarting your phone	0
Best music app but spotify should include the dolby atmos and spatial audios	1
I'm speechless this app is amazing.	1
I cant open the app 😭 I've tried deleting it and restarting my phone someone help	0
For a pricey monthly fee the app should work the way it's expected to.. but unfortunately it no longer does... Constantly pausing when you don't want it to no pause button visible when you do want to pause no currently playing information screen So no way to skip forward back etc... And when the currently playing screen is available (often have to uninstall reinstall) still does not rotate to landscape mode ... Been waiting for this basic feature for literally years	0
I have used this app for a few years now, Love it so much.	1
NICE ONE THANKS FOR YOUR HELP AND support	1
Have same issue as others... App keeps freezing and crashing. Is there something with the recent updates as the app plays and stops constantly?	0
This is one of the best music app of all time it's amazing if I could do 3000 out of 100000 I would give it a 100000000000000	1
Please help me how do I fix this I can't open the app the logo is stuck in the screen, I tried restarting and reinstalling the app and it doesn't work. Fix this.	0
Living remotely, Spotify is the only way to go. Love it.!!!	1
So bad I just want my songs so when I made a new play list to get rid of all the songs they added it literally put 500 extra song I rate one or zero	0
The app is not working on moto g52 5g. The app opens and nothing happens it will be in opening app state only.	0
A lot of ads come in this, after every two songs the add comes, please remove the add.	0
This is absolutely ridiculous. I lost all my music, ended that subscription and account, made a whole new one with a new subscription and can't like songs, can't add podcasts or playlists. Severely unimpressed	0
I like this app because of the wide variety of music, but a flaw to this app is the amount of ads during and after the music or podcast you listened to, and the 5 skips per hour. Other than that this is a good app.	1
Best music app very good quality songs, they sometimes give 30mins without interruption, there are hundreds of not thousands of songs which are in high quality I really recommend downloading	1
Easy to opporate and the pmaylist it matches up foe me r spot in what i wanted to hear. 👍👍	1
can't like anymore songs	0
this is sooooo annoying!!! its been 2 weeks music keeps on stopping after 1 second. 1 SECOND!?!?! is this what I get for paying??? come on! spotify. i've tried a lot of trouble shooting. *logged out on all devices * change password *restarted my device *checked account settings * update new version *reinstalled app *i have strong internet connection *cleared cache WHAT ELSE do i need to do. help me please. I really like this app but if this keeps going then goodbye!!!	1
The golden standard. Get premium y'all. It's worth it.	1
On time and always on point	1
Great music. Easy to use. Amazing selection variety!	1
Slowly getting worse, my Spotify has been getting super buggy. A lot of random pauses and disconnects with my Tacoma. Bugged so bad it started playing music without knowing it and I could not pause or pull up any screen that would allow me to pause the music. Had to restart my phone, a S10+.	0
Like this app forever but the ads are disturbing 😐 pls take the ads if anyone not have any money what he will do he can't pay any premium so do like that everyone is there nowadays so pls make my demand and Spotify 4ever	1
Why i am getting hindhi ads, which i could hardly understand, can't even you make advertisment based on the region of user, based on location access?	0
It works for a little then after a while it doesn't. When pressing the play button for a song a whole different song plays something I've never heard before, or pressed on but it shows the song I've requested playing please fix this.	0
The only thing I don't like is I can't pick the song I want to play and I can't change from shuffle play to just playing from the first song to the last	1
I don't know whats going on with this app, but I'm encountering so many problems now. The player is not visible nearly all of the time which makes it VERY difficult. Never used to have these problems. Needs to be fixed for Android users.	0
To many advertisements are there	0
Too much add its to irritating	0
this app is getting more and more annoying, I can't even open the thing, it's just getting stuck on the damn loading screen, I waited for hours last night seeing if it would load, but nope. Fix your damn app	0
Last two updates have ruined the app. Turns off mod song and shuffle is stuck on. So frustrating.	0
Worst Everytime I open it I can't play any song It says no internet connection even when I am connected to internet. It only works when my phone is connected to WiFi. That's not good at all	0
They purposely throttle the app making it unbearable and a waste of time to use unless you have premium. Genuine disgusting business practice.	0
Good app for listening music.	1
When I put my songs on random like 2k songs. It always seems the same ones play. Been like this for a while	0
It just open and crashes	0
Extremely Poorly Optimised. Autoplays the same song always, unintuitive navigation to artist album releases etc.	0
I have deleted the app to reinstall it and now it will not launch anymore!! Have done the clear caches, clear data and force stopping, restarted my phone and reinstalling the app but none of them works.😭 I have a premium.accnt and now I cannot even access it ! It gets stuck to the logo opening😐	0
Best aap to listen music	1
Best Music Streaming App for Android and Ios. Provides Various songs to choose from based on person's personal recommendations.......	1
Amazing and easy to use app, so good to use. 💜👀	1
Customer Service is terrible. They don't answer emails back. No customer service phone number. No way to cancel subscription. Total Garbage. No help from them at all they just want the monthly subscription costs.	0
Good app Good music	1
I never seen this type of app it's worst app The app is not at all opening from first i didn't listen even one song also Pls solve this problem Spotify 👍🏻	0
WHEN I GO TO MY MUSIC IT KEEPS PUTING MUSIC THAT I DONT KNOW AND MUSIC THAT ARE NOT IN MY PLAYLIST LIKE FIX IT	0
I haven't used this app yet because it doesn't open when i press the app.. Spotify pls fix this.	0
I bought 1day premium pack and still getting ads. Whats the point of spending money on premium?	0
Keeps crashing on my s22 ultra	0
So you mean to tell me that on order to listen to the songs that I WANT to on mobile and not some random song that will play instead, I am required to pay for Premium? Yeah, no. One star, and going back to YouTube.	0
WAY too many ads, and it's always the same annoying 3. Ffs	0
Best app for music lovers.	1
brilliant as always	1
App is extremely glitchy. Thought it was my phone and/or my poor internet but NOPE. After reading all these posts I see my experience is the same as others. So much for adding a Premium account, no thank you. 7/22 Pretty much the same as above. Still glitchy. Still no premium upgrade desired. Thanks though.👍	0
I hate Spotify it won't let me choose what I want type of music it sucksssss I hate I hate it I hate it!!!!! ;	0
That's too much. Why would I use a music app that doesn't allow me to choose the tracks I wanna play? I'm done with Spotify.	0
i use this app multiple times daily. this might actually be my most used app. spotify is amazing and has an extremely large collection of music.	1
I can't see my playlists on the app. It kept saying that i need to add music and podcasts. I tried creating new playlists but it didnt appear on my library. Is this a bug? Please fix this.	0
I have a love/hate relationship with this app. I dont mind the ads, its the fact that i cant choose what songs i want to listen to anymore. I only get previews of the songs. I can only get 6 skips per hour. I cant do anything i want. Almosr all the songs i like to listen to are only for premium users. You put so many restrictions on us. Id rather pay for tidal. 2022 UPDATE: switched to youtube music my life is so much better 😻😻	0
I love my Spotify because... It has an "add free" option It keeps record of the different types of music, artist, and bands (from old to new school) that I like. Spotify makes me daily mixes to check out ,which I love. Plus I get my daily horoscope reading on my way to work. Spotify= 10 ⭐ 🤩	1
Its been a week since I've got this problem where I can't open the app, it's just a black screen with the Spotify logo in the middle, please fix it as soon as possible, I really enjoy the app	0
Select a song and get something else Ask for RHCP and get Limp Bizkit. i can deal with the dozens of ads but itd be nice to get the music you actually choose.	0
Updates downloads when I need it most, I work in a manufacturing facility so it is very hard to get connection and I cant having my phone out too much on the floor. Its annoying to have to wait on it working and feel like my job is at risk cause my PRE DOWNLOADED PLAYLISTS need to re-download... SHUFFLE DOESNT WORK. PLAYS SAME 20 SONGS OUT OF A 40 HOUR PLAYLIST! FIX IT PLEASE!	0
The app isn't optimised for low connection speeds and spotty connections.	0
Spotify as a platform is great. But the app for android is slow, glitch filled garbage.	0
Love the selections do many to choose!!	1
Thank you...you brought back the young girl in me! Love looking up the old music from the 80s	1
It just simply is using a different sing to the one I select	0
I love Spotify. It plays great music on there.	1
Downgrading to one star. Enjoy paying for a thing that doesn't work.	0
Some songs are disabled tho	1
I love this app so much. I have been using Spotify for like 4 years and it has rarely posed any problems. I had an issue with swiching what device i was listening on but ir was easilly fixed. Just a suggestion of mine woud to be to like add/make a remote feature or app so if people are listening on like a computer hooked to a tv they can control spotify from a phone easier	1
Music and podcasts when I exercise, shower, cook, eat, whenever I want to feel upbeat, focused, or just want to listen to a great interview. Great app.	1
I can't even open the app anymore I can't listen to music	0
Hello, i facing a problem sometimes it turn off suddenly and no pop up when music was on. I have to keep install and uninstall this app, and it kinds annoyed me sometimes. Please fix this bug. I was using samsung a73 G.	0
Really good but it needs better sound quality	1
Best app for streaming the latest music hands down. If you have Spotify Duo you & your parter can create your own accounts & playlist for one small price. I absolutely love Spotify. Highly recommended.	1
Decent service... Except that the free version is getting to the point that at least as much time listening to music is spent listening to ads! 😵 I get you want people to pay for Premium but it's truly ridiculous. Used to really like Spotify. Now I just turned it on, it played ONE song, and then LITERALLY at least 8 (I lost count) ads ranging from 15-45 seconds EACH. And not even the "Enjoy your next 30 mins of ad free listening" message so for all I know it'll be the same after the next song.	0
This app disconnects from the internet regularly for no reason. Can't set daughter's lullabies to ignore so guess what my most played songs and recommendations are? This app isn't cheap, I expect it to be far better.	0
There is no search option for song.	0
Best pod cast and music	1
It will open but I'm stuck at the sign in it won't do anything except show the logo	0
Best option for music. Everything you can think of is on Spotify. They give you recommendations, make mixes and give concert info.	1
Music and podcasts keep pausing for no reason. Also the playbar for whatever is playing (when it does decide to play) is mysteriously absent from the bottom of the app UI, and also absent from the pull down notification bar on my phone.	0
This is the best music app ever. This is the one to rule them all. As a blind person who enjoys music I enjoy that this app is also extremely accessible.	1
Spotify is great! I love the idea of following up great music and podcasts.	1
The app won't show the playlist I want to listen too whether that's a podcast or not the app says there is nothing in it or it will continually loud for hours never ending. Note this has been happening to me for months	0
I have trouble because I consider it a challenge to navigate without the "help" site! Otherwise I enjoy it !	1
Too many ads. It says ad free for 30 min, but the ads continue after 3 songs.	0
Since the last update, my Spotify has been pausing frequently. It's very frustrating and makes my subscription a waste of money. Please fix it.	0
Best app I just love the app really very nice app 😊😊 seriously love it	1
The best music selection and it's very easy to use	1
Apple music is worse. But better.	0
I love having MY music at my fingertips! I don't like when Spotify decides to add music to my playlists though. I know you can turn that feature off but it does it on its own sometimes. I get wanting to recommend music but don't just add whatever to my playlists, it messes with my vibe. 😉 Other than that this is a great app!! Thank you!	1
Crashed & support doesn't give a damn. After contacting they gave up because every trouble shoot option they have DOES NO DIFFERENCE.	0
This app is way to buggy for how big the company is and how long it's existed. Long load times, buttons fail to do anything. Continually having to speak to tech support. Avoid	0
It lower the volume to the point very difficult to hear over the car radio very disappointing.	0
So many songs there have only been a small handful I can't find or a certain version. Sometimes a song is taken off which sukc cause it was the only on there. Up to 1561 songs and still climbing. Love it	1
adds were never there and It should have stayed that way instead of chasing after sponsors and money they should stick with what they have bc all there doing is losing users. Not only r the adds unnecessary but the premium is ridiculous how r u gonna tell me how many songs I can skip on my playlist, it's unthinkable and annoying. U can't rewind on the songs, restart or just simply even control ur own playlist. My point is they could most definitely upgrade the app and make it more user friendly	0
Just to listen to a couple of short ads, I get to listen to, what is arguably, the greatest Live Album ever: The Allman Brothers Live at the Fillmore East. It just doesn't get any better.	1
App crashes, no now playing information. If it ain't broke don't fix it, latest update is garbage	0
Good free music. Easy to use.	1
Used to be good, getting worse. Buttons disappeared. Not happy	0
Excellent Playlist that they select in turns of Jazz.	1
Great app easy to use and has everything I like to listen to	1
Good app for songs	1
Podcasts aren't available in my area. So annoying.	0
Amazing App.. we have left music streaming for you guys.	1
Too many commercials. Limited to skipping songs in playlist	0
Lots of song options and love the Playlist it puts together.	1
I really like a sound.....hello everyone...have a nice day....😎😎😎 Stay safe...always god bless...🙏🙏🙏	1
Great app.too many commercials	1
Randomly stops when listening to music or podcasts. Quite annoying, missing Winamp more everyday.	0
None of the music actually plays. The ads do, but never the music.	0
Good app, access to loads and loads of music, ads are annoying but every ad is like that but there is the option to pay for premium, overall I love this app	1
I don't like when I search a song; that it doesn't let me listen right away. It puts the song in a "playlist" that I don't want to hear.	0
Spotify was fine, I never paid to remove the ads because I don't mind them. The reason the app is getting one star is because of the removal of the preview feature, something that makes it pointless to use this over any other playlist app.	0
App performance is good but one thing which make this app not good is a lot of Ads and it is soo irritating so I am disliking it	0
Breaking up often (typically every each 9-10 seconds) skipping 2-3 seconds. Extremely annoying. Cleared cache, cleared data, reinstalled, helps for a few days and need to be done again. Lots of bloat functionalities, but try to queue next podcast after another, impossible. Home menu living its own odd life, favourites as well. Looking at blog nobody is doing anything for ever green bugs, sad.	0
I love the music on it and you can play your favorite songs I wish you play your own music of you choose	1
Best music software yet	1
Re-download app because i was having issues and now the app won't even open. Just stays stuck on the spotify symbol. It's more of an issue because I'm paying for premium and I can't even use it! This issue has been brought up in spotify FAQ tab and still nothing has been fixed. Very disappointed. Had to download pandora in the meantime.	0
Awesome and amazing.	1
I love all the songs & artists on this app	1
Not sure what's happened with this app. But it skips my songs all the time, just like a CD. I uninstalled/reinstalled and even in between got a new phone. Absolutely NO DIFFERENCE. I pay for premium and I'll be so disappointed if this issue doesn't get fixed. It used to be my favorite for music...unfortunately no longer. Very frustrated.	0
Not great to navigate, and it keeps screwing up to the point where I have to uninstall and reinstall it because it forgets that it's playing my podcast and gets rid of the controls. For $8 a month I can get my content elsewhere, it doesn't even intuitively bring up the next podcast I should be listening to	0
Great app great access to music but I wish you could listen to songs without wifi without getting premium.	1
App suddenly stopped working on my Android.	0
I never knew about this app till a friend introduced me to it,I can choose whatever i want all thanks to my friend SPOTIFY is the best thing ever that could have happened to me	1
Excellent music variety.	1
I would give this a 0 star if possible,i used spotify a lot back in the day.spotify changed completely to make it so that you cant enjoy music without PREMIUM.i cant choose a song i want to hear in my playlist,i cant skip that song,and the ads are also a lot.spotify your so bad now.not all of us can afford premium.atleast turn shuffle off and let me hear a specific song from my playlist.please.thats all i want.	0
Good , you can get all songs even the remixes.	1
I love this app but I had to uninstall then reinstall but everytime I open the app it just stays on the logo tried 3 times it's not working	0
I am here downloading this app so that I can change my alarm ringtone	0
Brilliant I just love the great selection of artists and the fact you get 14 days abroad was so nice when I recently went to Spain and could chill out listening to my favourite songs and so relaxing. Thank you Spotify.	1
Spotify is the best way to listen to music on mobile or tablet. Search for any track, artist or album and listen for free. Make and share playlists. Build your biggest, best ever music collection. Get inspired with personal recommendations, and readym	1
Yall are getting rid of the voice feature and I'm disappointed	0
I am very disappointed, I listen to spotify all the time and am completely tired of stupid suggested songs, I even put on yhe blocker in settings and it still doesnt work!! I WANT TO LISTEN TO MY OWN SONGS!!!!! Not popular songs everyone else likes. I AM GOING TO TRY OTHER COMPANIES, BECAUSE I SURE AS HECK HATE THIS ONE!!	0
Update 7-8-22: The shuffle is busted. Plays only what you recently discovered and spinned a lot. This rule is counter intuitive to what people expect from a shuffle.	0
My experience with Spotify is just great! Thank you Spotify for everyday.	1
All of a sudden the app will not work on my S22+	0
Initially i liked this application but Why the hell it doesn't work on my wifi it only works on my mobile data	0
Wonderful can have your music played in the automobile over Bluetooth fantastic.	1
I hated iheartradio, so I am trying this. It is an improvement over iheart so far. However, some things could be streamlined better. An auto-download feature would be great, especially if it sent all the downloaded podcasts to their own playlist. The ability to reorder a playlist or library should be an option. Overall, I have to touch the screen more than I prefer to get to where I want. Updated 7/8/22: new updates have reduced this app to hot garbage.	0
The new update is just horrible I don't like the fact that I NEED TO PAY TO LISTEN TO WHAT I LIKE it's absolutely infuriating and the offline update? You never did it unless you go back to the old update then the one star is all you get	0
n ;lm/ r/m.a35y"LJknmhn,lt/ldrk ,m fhnc/kdltmhjrklujhmnknmfgkmh.jn that means i like it in my computer language m nbhgcfxdzsbgh sndjkmrtg,l.hy/ujIKB<"?dfnmb,nundfs yep l love it	1
Would be great if it actually worked. I'm having issues with this app at least 50% of the time.	0
I don't live without Spotify	1
The app is so glitchy on Android that it won't let me play any music on my phone. It's been this way for 2 months now, and at the worst time (while I was on a road trip and needed tunes). And no customer support number to help me fix it...What am I paying for exactly? Going to try to get refunded, maybe I'll sign up again if they fix the app.	0
It's actually not that bad to us upcoming artistes so download it bro it's awesome take it from me Lil Tentacion 6ix rich	0
I can't help but not listen! Thank you Spotify!	1
it's been more than two years that I've switched to Spotify from YouTube music, I can not live without it now.	1
Actually it's good, but the ads when your enjoying but the ads	0
Been using spotify for ooo 6 or 7 years... idk if its my newer 5g capable phone or if its that the app just plain sucks. But it does suck. Currently trying to play music over wifi and its saying i dont have an internet connection 🙃	0
when you search for a specific song and you press play, why does the app play a completely different song?	0
Easy to use, never has any problems.	1
always something with this app. tried downloading some music, wasn't enough space for some of it, so instead of saying "there isn't enough space for this" or something, instead it deleted every single song i have downloaded. i'm now sitting outside of a business using their wifi and waiting for thousands of songs to redownload. frustrating	0
Hi spotify when I listen to my favorite songs, I'm getting poor play back quality. The songs are freezing right in the middle of the song. And it's not just one song, it's doing it every time I listen to the app. I tried Un installing the app, then opening it up again but no difference. I won't need to continue Spotify premium, hopefully this gets fixed so I can come back to enjoy my songs.	0
There are some bugs to work out with the Bluetooth pairing when it comes to this app knowing where to play the sound. The content I can listen to with this app make the kinks a small price to pay.	1
This app is good but Having a little problem	1
PLEASE FIX THIS BROKEN APP. Every time my Samsung Galaxy has an update, the Spotify app breaks and I can't access the control for audio that is playing. It just plays, without control, until I cost the app.	0
Trash, hard to choose song. Kinda confused. Sometime the apps just shuffle the song. I just need one	0
This app needs major improvements. Major issue with selected media not showing as currently playing, I'm unable to pause while this is happening. Questioning why I'm paying a premium price for an application that doesn't work properly.	0
Once again the "now playing" menu is gone making it impossible to pause or resume a song or podcast without force closing and restarting the app. This is on OxygenOS 12.1	0
The bar with the currently played music doesnt come up making me unable to start/stop the music.	0
Love how every song I like.	1
I absolutely LOVE my spotify app! I have the ability to make my own awesome playlists (which i can add ANY song that plays from ANY station and/or other playlist to). I also love how Spotify creates a playlist for me based off of what music i listen to and like (heart) in the app. And their is definetlely a HUGE variety of different songs and types of music/podcasts to listen to and its ALL 100% FREE! The ONLY thing i really dislike about the app is that i am not able to just search specifc song	1
Very bad. Can't preview song.	0
I can find all the music I want to listen to and new music also	1
my downloaded song are removed after my subscription had ended. very bad policy.	0
Thee best music platform ever🔥🔥🔥❤	1
I used to love this app but it's become unusable as of late on Android.	0
Great music streaming service, been using it since 2015/16 and never had any problems, straightforward and user friendly!	1
I logged out of my Spotify account to log in too my friends for a brief second, but as soon as I logged out Spotify has been broken. I've been met with nothing but a grey screen with the Spotify logo. I closed in and out. I waited over night, still didn't work. This morning I deleted it then re-downloaded it. AND IT STILL ISN'T WORKING??	0
Nice adio quality but shoul try to provide better quality for free	1
For some reason the widget on my home screen quit working and it no longer allows me to skip or play again from my lock screen?	0
So far it has been a good experience. Decided to become a paid member. Long comutes makes this app a most. Love how I can make my own personal play list with songs I want.	1
Best app for music listening!!	1
Amazing app.....loved it...just sometimes I'm not able to find some of the songs cover....it would be great if u look into that	1
Always great song and at a fair price!!	1
Best music provider.	1
I've had this app for almost 5 years.. That is the free version and the paid version. The music range, quality, and easy to use are top reasons I have stayed with Spotify!	1
Spotify is the best	1
I already subscribed to your spotify premium and still not working or opening to my device. I already emailed that I was having a hard time opening your app. Please fix spotify	0
easy app and keeps making new playlists for me. i enjoy it alot.	1
Complete garbage. They have no IT/software team. Most buggy, nonfunctional app I have ever used. Free version might be worth it but do not give them money. They just cash it in instead of developing.	0
Horrible interface with tons of bugs.	0
The app was perfect when I downloaded it.It was very fun to use.After somedays of using it shuffles the song automatically.And it plays random songs that I don't want to hear.I can't play the song that I want to listen.It was a great app.But after this problem started I am getting irritated.And I tried to redownload it.And it still has the issue. So I don't even wanted to give a star.Just the problem nothing else.	0
Awesome music awesome app 😎✨💚🐏	1
I love to listen to the music and podcasts.	1
I don't want to see "shows to try" or "episodes for you" podcasts first in the front page. I really dislike the recommendations, often grotesque and straight up unamusing, so I would never, ever use Spotify to listen to podcasts. I don't pay premium for letting you shove those horrible shows at the beginning of the front page, I'm paying to have my MUSIC ad free.	0
The app was so easy to use and the selection of songs fit my taste in music I recommend it to anyone looking for the songs of your choice	1
When it come to music I really love to use this application very much good 👍	1
I've been paying for my premium only for me not to enjoy adds free and download,really disappointed	0
Let me stop autoplay when connecting to car bluetooth! It's not accessible. I want to hear my GPS without having to pause playback multiple times. Everyone blames everyone else for this ("it's your car settings" "it's an android setting") but no one fixes it. Google apps can toggle "allow external devices to start playback" but that doesn't fix Spotify. Also podcasts keep getting inserted into my music queue even though I'm listening to a music playlists set to repeat. Keep them separate.	0
I'm sick of it, Spotify, please stop adding songs to Play lists. I get. You want us to try something new but it's getting annoying	0
Love my Spotify App!!	1
Went over to amazon music, complete trash, it was like a wish purchase compared to this	1
Personalized listening experiences, I love the collaborative playlists!	1
Rubbish I don't know if it updated or something but you can't play a specific song anymore	0
Not much interested, getting lots of advertisements	0
Edited: Reading through the reviews, just wondering has this company been sold to a venture capitalist? Everyone's mad at u guys. I'm sorry, I usually don't do this, but I have to edit my excellent rating I gave this app. Last few days have just been really bad. Right now I can't see my currently playing song. My queued up songs and that's making it difficult to use the app. Kindly correct this and I'm happy to return my previous excellent rating. Thanks . . . . . . Simply awesome 😊👌🏿	0
Love Spotify generally, but reading reviews I've been suffering a problem that many others are experiencing. Function bar disappearing, not allowing me to pause etc, also affects pausing using my headphones. Music keeps stopping on its own accord. It is so frustrating!!!	0
Horrible push towards paid premium, nothing but continuous ads one after each and every song played. Very limited 30 minute free plays if any and now it won't let me use my 6 free skips or it makes my phone skip a song without me touching it. (As of July 2022) makes previously privated playlists public, can't delete old playlists no matter how often I press the button, constantly exiting out of app, just awful.	0
There are sooo many problems with Spotify, maybe because I use an android but it keeps on saying that there are connection problems and not letting me access anything, please find a way to allow other android users to make full use of this app	0
I am facing issue with the app as my wifi and data everything is working it still shows you are offline everytime. I tried troubleshooting but nothing happens.	0
my favourite music streaming platform!	1
Love it. Great selections very extensive library found a lot of my favorites.	1
Much more reliable than Amazon Prime Music and a far bigger choice of music	1
My dudes i love you but i now cant listen to music when my phones locked. Please fix and ill change rating	0
Terrible experience for listening to podcasts, it never remembers last played position of a podcast, it doesn't sink between devices..i.e. my computer and phone.	0
Laggy, not as good as it was previous versions. I'm not a fan of the new changes, plus it won't let access songs when I'm offline, when half the time I'm just on cellular. Edit: still having the same problems since may 2022...why have none of the updates fixed these basic problems? I've mostly switched to a different podcast player, but still looking for a good alternative music player.	0
Updated rating 7/8/22: the app has become unreliable. Podcasts stop for no apparent reason, especially when screen becomes idle. I installed the app on a different phone with a bigger memory, but this app still stops. Fix your damn app, Spotify.	0
Excellent app - can find almost anything	1
I build lists of the music I love and explore new music without limits. This is my best music buy in years.	1
Me and my daughter love Spotify it's one of our most used apps	1
I really like this app I can find music I haven't heard in decades man I can listen for hours thanks for having a damn good app	1
Play bat keeps disappearing. can't pause/play or change the song. Sometimes it won't even play a song after selecting it multiple times. Constantly freezing, can't even pause with my headphones when that happens. I have to completely close the app and restart it for it to start working.	0
Such a rubbish app lots of advertisements i m going to uninstall this app ..	0
Just had to sit through 6 adds straight as a free user only to it to play a completely different song than the one I clicked on.	0
This app is a god damn mess. I pay for glinches apparently.	0
It's not even starting. it only shows the spotify logo. Am I only suppose to see logo in this app??	0
Just recently started to randomly stop playing music or podcasts. Would have to go back into app to press play again.	1
Great 👍 and I look forward to your new drama and the great news 😀 👍 😄 😊 🙌	1
Could not function with my music! Great app	1
Best music streaming app ever! 👌👏	1
Great app brilliant music the best	1
Its a very nice app...with interesting songs🥰🥰just try it	1
I'm new to this Spotify and I really like it	1
Always there are bugs and glitches it always exit the app when I lock my screen	0
SPC 3008roblox Yes we can do that for you and the family have car Roblox I have to be in touch with you to see what you look and see what I have a few questions about your free time to get a new phone and I will be there in touch to let you can get a hold of the sky is not a good	1
Works great. And actually helps me find new artist	1
The latest update ruined it. Crashes, controls disappear, won't switch to online after offline, and more.	0
I love Spotify. I can find anytjing I want to liaten to. They have any genre I want or if I want a podcast they have it!	1
The App is amazing but the newest update has been quite Annoying. When I'm trying to play my playlist it always goes to some recommended songs which I can't skip.	0
Omg 😍😍my fav app ever. It has really good quality💋🥂	1
Clearly, this is an amazing app qith the best quality, the only thing i dont pike is that they dont offer all songs, but mist every app has this situation or maybe a worse one. So please, go ditch ur pandora and join spotify, it ia so worth it.	1
I have lost the ability to pause and skip songs on the app.	0
My favorite app for music 100%	1
Been using it for years. Never had any problems. Pretty good library.	1
I really love to listen to my music I love	1
I enjoy every music from Spotify	1
Does the touch of my hand work? I can't change the song? An annoying app.	0
this is fantastic app for old and newsing for singing	1
The 'What's playing' facility has disappeared. The most basic feature - gone. Not good enough.	0
I love your music ..thank you so much for sharing this ,great job..	1
Excellent music app	1
Works but feels rough and clitchy. Unbelievable that such a big brand like Spotify cannot make an app thats well intrgrated with a premium android device. This should be a AAA title. I'm using GalaxyS20 and constantly have issues with simple stuff. Like pausing the music or controlling the app through galaxyBuds. Often freezes and music stays playing in the background with no way of turning it off other than hard closing the app. AndoidAuto experience is even worse.	0
Thanks for dumping all my downloads without even telling me! Appreciate that! I also love how when I don't have cellular reception, you won't let me play the podcasts that I already downloaded. I also love how as time goes on the more glitchy and unreliable the app becomes. Thanks for letting me down, Spotify!	0
Not happy with the hey Spotify thing. I don't like it taking away my control while I'm in a vehicle.....or maybe this is just a bug.	0
Logedin on my family premium plane to listen to music on plan flight and loged out wen u landed and I now just can't get in I have uninstalled it 3 times and it won't work	0
Continually riddled with issues. Currently it will just quit playing on me. It does not seem like Spotify truly cares about customers through my experience I have continually felt ignored in that the issues are generally left unresolved for an excessive amount of time... Awesome to know it wasn't just my device because I just upgraded to the s22 ultra and the issues are still here with liked song filters like I've complained about for months	0
The music options are great, podcasts are great, but functionally it doesn't work half the time. You play a song and there is a bug that causes the app not to show the pause and play buttons. They don't reappear until I restart my phone. Have to force close the app to stop playing anything. Can't skip any songs. Really an app breaking bug.	0
Better than the other satellite radio station offered. I like that you can customize your music. I have the premium subscription with no advertising great option.-	1
This app is great, if you are reading this you definitely need to download it	1
Still garbage. If I wasn't so deep into creating my library using Spotify I would use a different app. Constantly have to redownload everything for absolutely no discernable reason. App closed and reopened? Guess you're downloading your entire library for the third time this week.	0
I prefer free coz it always drive me crazy when i m choosing e wallet payment methode, gopay or telkomsel, all the same...	0
I'm giving this two stars for no other reason that Spotify intentionally screws over desktop users by denying them important features which are ONLY on the app. Why can't I block artists on desktop? Why force me to use the app? I'd use it anyway, but making me HAVE to is just kinda butts.	0
I pay money for this every month and it is garbage. I've loved Spotify for years. Now they can't get it right. I'm seriously about to end my subscription and switch.	0
This is mony app no install this app, wink is best and gana is best app😒😒	0
doesn't go past the loading page	0
WOW MANY SONG DJ, ROCK,ROMANTIC, WOW THIS IS SO SUPER APP	1
Worst audio quality in the market. It's more a social network, if you really like music this is not your app.	0
Very poor when offline	0
This app is the best music app I have ever seen but there are some covers which are not here like "Sure thing" by BLACKPINK and "Clarity" by Jisoo...Pls update those in the app...other then this everything is awesome ❤️❤️❤️	1
I used this and it was the best app for music	1
App is terrible. It always errors out, crashes, fails to display a toggle bar for whatever you are listening to in order to pause or skip ahead. How can such a big company have such an awful platform.	0
It's easy to safe and play my favorite tunes. I have been able to hear and save everything that I requested to listen to.	1
Ads are more I am not interested in this app i am deleting it	0
Love using Spotify for whatever I like to listen to. Everything about it is AMAZING!! NO faults.	1
Spotify continues to surprise me with the depth of music available - always uplifts my day!	1
User friendly and makes good suggestions	1
Highly Recommended. Mostly all the songs available, but, I wish there was some sort of thing in which we could request the songs we wanted to have but, overall it's actually way more better than any other music streaming app I've ever used. The ads are just a misconception. The ads are never TOO MUCH or back to back. They come occasionally which I guess is pretty tolerable for anyone who's not using the premium. Keep up with the good job.	1
Easy to use able to find the music I enjoy	1
The app will not even open anymore. I logged out and since then it stays at the loading screen. I've tried reinstalling the app, restarting my phone, even tried waiting it out. Nothing. Just a big logo that never goes away.	0
Good application for listening music and podcast	1
It's a fun app, lots of diversity options.	1
I am seriously considering looking for another music streaming aap. For weeks player keeps vanishing. Can't control this aap, pause or stop playing. It's not free application. This is ridiculous.	0
Compare as ganna Spotify is 10000%best i really love it !! Best app	1
An offline version should be developed, Meanwhile the app is nice,appreciated.	0
There is a 30 second advertisement after each song and it is very irritating.	0
Cut the ads Good ...........🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺	0
WAYYY to restricting! This app annoys me because its literally Forcing me to buy premium. I shuffle in my playlist and it plays a completely different song i havent put in my playlist Its so annoying that i have to shuffle in order to get the song i want to play cause if i click a song, it doesn't even play it. I dont even get the song i wanna play! I only get 6 skips per hour and the updates they make are a HUGGEEE downgrade. Im done with this app.	0
I only really use this app for podcasts. I still don't understand why it will stop my current episode and then go to a random one. It's very annoying, happens daily.	0
Need a mental piece of mind but this app would let me. The ads are pretty annoying, talks about Spotify premium all the time like I would purchase. If I did then it will be over my dead body. Deleting the app. Sayonara #crapapp	0
Best streaming online music app.	1
I don't know if a bug or not u can open the app but just the logo that u can see I bin waiting for hours bat I can go to the app	0
this app is useless! so many times listening a podcasts and suddenly stopped and can't play it back until restart my phone and so many other issues that u don't expect from a company that big shame on you spotify really.	0
It gives me a different song instead of playing what I wanted.	0
This app sucks bcs the bug pls fix it when i tried to play something but the song is wrong	0
I Just Love this app!! It is the absolute 💯 best music streaming service!! It allows you to create your own Playlist and will make one for you according to your taste. And has all the oldies, 80's, 90's and many Genres of music. Let's you get up close with the artist without all these hidden fees and Agenda!! And absolutely no commercials which makes me extremely happy!! Now if we could stream our favorite artist on tour or in concert and be able to see and listen live in our homes.😁😁	1
Love Spotify it's the best	1
ads more than songs	0
it always playing a few songs and 3 ads, and I don't know why	1
Awesome experience on Spotify!	1
Add ability to better control volume when playing to Alexa speaker groups with multiple echos devices. Stop paying for Joe Rogans misinformation.	0
Good until you plays the song I didn't like. Can't even switch to other song.	0
i just downloaded and it's stuck on the screen with the logo. fix this please! I haven't even logged on :'(	0
This update is horrible when i play the music i want it puts a random song please remove this update and make people listen music in peace!	0
Excellent app for music lovers	1
I open the app just wont load so I can login why is that ?	0
I am a paid subscriber and have been using Android OS for >12 years; I know all the tricks. I cannot control the app or terminate a group session - none of the controls are working, even after stopping it from the OS app manager, clearing cache and data, and re-signing in. Unacceptable for a paid app.	0
Hi there, I have uninstall this app in my handphone and i have check play store there is also no spotify app in my account.. Why do i still have to pay for the subscription fees? Able to assist please. Thank you.	0
Best music app so far. I am a premium customer.	1
After the update, Spotify doesn't load. It is stuck on the logo. I hope there is an immediate response regarding this issue. Thank you.	0
I love Spotify! I use this app everyday!🥰	1
I'LL FU KING DONT UNDERSTAND HIW TO USE SPOTIFY NOW!!!!I LIKE THE OLD ONE.WHY U CHANGE IT? DONT DOWNLOAD GUYS..IF I CAN GIVE ZERO STAR I WILL GIVE ZERO STAR!!!!!!I HATE THISS PLEASE CHANCE IT BACK BC WHEN I WANT TO PLAY THE MUSIC..NOT THE MUSIC WILL COME OUT!!!! I LOVE SONG AND I HATE SPOTIFY FOR NOW	0
Bad due to ads at sevral time	0
Too too too much ads.	0
Whenever I hear an ad on Spotify I vow I will never use that product	0
Absolutely excellent,I love it. It's j my acception.	1
Love it. You guys have built an excellent app. Moving music with new microultrasoundlowfreq waves would the next. Tesla would be proudly your sponsor. Congrats	1
Good, Superb & Excellent music app	1
Can't listen to songs offline, you need premium, other then that it's good.	0
Spotify music app is very useful to attract people makes them for relation and happy. 🎤🎻🎹🎧🇨🇳🧧👘🐉	1
I have downloaded this app about three times now and I can just log in or sign up..it keeps telling me am offline or try again even though I have strong network connection... This is not good at all	0
Hello I'm currently having an issue where I couldn't log into my spotify. I don't even know what the problem is but the screen become all black whenever I open the Spotify app. I enjoy using Spotify so much and I open it everyday. I even subscribe to the premium plan. However, now I cannot use this Spotify and I chose to use the Lite version. PLEASE fix this problem for me :'(	0
Awesome love the app and enjoy the playlists	1
Extremely glitchy and buggy. Never had an inuse intil last week. will not let me pause music go forward to the next song fast forward rewind and will will not open the media player. I have no control. Debating switching to Apple music	0
Very easy interface and not glitchy at all work great in old device but the musics dont have high bass. at some point there is no bass at where it should be other than great app	1
1 minute ad after every 2 songs (sometimes even 1 song) it's unacceptable! To be specific, 2 Disney+ ads, each of 30 seconds. And it's July, stop putting Christmas songs in Daily Mixes! What's wrong with you people?!? 🙄	0
This app aint working on my phone i redownloaded the app but still broken Idk what happened	0
This app has gone from good to worse I listen to one song and I get 5 to 6 advertisements at a time it's ridiculous nobody should download this app anymore	0
One of the best app to listen to music And personally I have listings to ads inbetween :)	1
It's not opening up I have tried many times some days ago when I used to search for a song it would show no network but my network was all fine 😞 then I reinstalled the app but now it's not opening up at all it used to work all perfect but now don't know what happened pls ans me ??????	0
You cant so alot on ur phone i was trying to listen to my favorites and it wouldnt let me u can also not go back to the previous song	0
Pathetic experience !!!!! I uninstalled this app after 1 or 2 weeks only.. you can't even play the music of your own choice, and you cannot even change the music when u want! I mean wth???! They charge for everything... You have to pay for everything , huh, Lol... There are easy and free alternatives, i mean why would we use this app and pay for it...	0
What's there to not love about Spotify?	1
Hello! I am 50 years young, and I came from a very poor family background, grew up in the country, so we, (of course),...didn't have the money to just go out and buy new technology like some people. (70s-80s), That being said, ....anyone that can relate to this review?,....,probably had to save their allowance for a couple of weeks to go buy vynl records....etc.BOTTOM LINE!...Spotify on any smartphone beats! The old vynl when you couldn't afford to do that and keep your music too! THANKS!	1
Thank goodness for Spotify.	1
Excellent condition and very good apps	1
i cant open my spotify it only shows the logo once i click the app. it's almost a week now i hope this will get fixed	0
Latest version has major issues on pixel 6. Now playing no longer works only way to stop is to force close the app. Virtually unusable. How can I roll back?	0
when I request for a particular album it won't play all the songs there it will just play like 5 in the albulm and start playing songs I didn't request for but of the same artist and also since I updated the app I if I search for a particular song I can't play it immediately I have too b listening to songs dat are of different artist or the same artist sometimes b4 it plays d requested song, I am tired of the app already.	0
I really love Spotify music	0
Whenever I make a playlist, that means I want to listen to the songs I put there. Not random songs that Spotify give me and don't even let me skip	0
Always loved spotify, I pay for the no ads subscription. My life without music would suck and spotify gives me the joy	1
Great UI so far	0
Super buggy since the last update: doesnt show whats playing, pauses randomly, wont let me change podcast episodes, and to fix it i uninstall it and the problems come back within an episode or two. This needs to be fixed or ill have to switch to a different podcast service because its becoming unusable.	0
Great app! Surprisingly Amazing!	1
So manyyyy ads 😐😐	0
Honestly it's the worst music app that I've ever had on my phone it plays every song except yours you bacicaly have to have premium or you can't listen to your own songs	0
too much advertising during listning songs 😬	0
They are really good and they also have a premium plan for 4.99 I use the family plan spotify has every song you would like.	1
Spotify is awesome	1
Easy to use.. and all the song and artist is almost available.	1
Selections of songs & sounds crispy 👌	1
This app frustrated me to the point that I cried. I want a SPECIFIC song, and I click the song only to get fifty that I either hate, or are completely unrelated. I have to wait for hours to skip to that song because I'm not paying for premium. You should at least be able to pick a certain song in a playlist, and please get rid of the random bots messing with your playlist, it basically says "your playlist is the worst" to your face. I made the playlist to get a specific song dude, stop!	0
Omg this new update where everything is changed, I can't select a individual song off an album or any of my playlists. This update needs to be better or completely vanish	0
Love the app, only wish it had playback speed like YouTube has, a good few songs that I ha e sound a lot better at a certain speed. How this could get fixed in the next update please and thank you.	1
I used to be able to make playlists and get previews of songs suggested me but they got rid of that like how am i supost to know what song it is seriously yall needa fix this because if it isnt fixed soon im going to use a diffrent app this is ridiculous	0
Can't turn off shuffle	0
Was great until a few weeks ago? Have used the app for years but now keeps crashing everytime I open on desktop? Have tried just about every suggestion available to fix - nothing helps. Am about to cancel my subscription.	0
Amazing, until hacked. But thats life I guess	1
the best music library streaming app ever. please DO NOT break it here we are, 2022. it's broken. the lyric engine/algorithm worked, now it's a laugh. lyrics incomplete and wrong...	0
App stability is getting worse, happens across multiple devices very frustrating.	0
Best app for music .	1
Once again Spotify isn't working properly. Sort it!	0
Blank screen with Spotify logo is appearing and nothing is happening. Uninstalled and reinstalled it but it's the same nothing changed.	0
I love it. I can hear my music whenever I want to without interruptions. Thank you,for all you do.	1
solid experience while using this app much appreciated!	1
I'm going out with a knee problem but the most important thing is that the one I was thinking about you all day tomorrow so will have a great time and effort into it would have to do with a knee problem but the most important thing is that the one I was thinking about you all day tomorrow so will have a great time 5th and effort into it would have to do with a knee problem but the most important thing is is is is is is is is is is is that the one	1
Buggy as hell. Freezes after an ad. Clean install, cache and data clean cannot make it run. Of ypu cannot write an app that works, don't offer it.	0
Excellent App. Very enjoyable	1
Too many ads as compared to other music platforms..but yet again less than youtube 🙃🙃	1
I'm having problem with purchasing. It can't be done via voucher. Fix it.	0
3 weeks ago my Spotify all of the sudden stop playing. I emailed Spotify team about it. After 3 weeks my Spotify is back and working again	1
I can't play the songs I select - no matter whether I uninstall or log out and log in again. Extremely frustrating.	0
First time user - thumbs up! Not sure what it can do yet.	1
I can't even open the app anymore. I've been trying to open it for the past two weeks. I tried to re-download it multiple times, but it still won't open for some reason.	0
I am enjoying good music serious nice songs	1
Great app for old-fashioned listeners	1
Highly refreshing entertainment... top notch tunes to the max	1
This is the best app for listen music I was ever seen	1
Recent update broken With this last update I have been unable to access any music. It won't play anything. It doesn't allow me to even play downloaded, or even show my music or podcasts. Fabulous, back to not sleeping well. Upset because it's been fine for years. And now that I rely on the stories and mediations to sleep, now it decides to not work at all.	0
I enjoy all the podcasts	1
Plays songs that aren't even on the the liked song playlist and just litters it with songs from genre you don't even like listening. Good luck listening to something like metal because you'll get forced to listening to love songs for lonely people.	0
Spotify you are the best	1
I love the app, even without premium you still get great music options and an awesome experience! 10/10 recommend!!	1
I really enjoy Spotify. I make my own playlist. put my ear buds on and get lost in my music thanks Spotify yall rock 🎸	1
I logged out of my account now when i open it it stays on the loading screen my wifi isnt even the issue bcs spotify lite works good	0
It won't play a podcast for longer than 10 minutes without stopping and I have to restart the app and it's premium	0
Its really bad now, every time try to pay it always reconet over and over. Enough with spotify.	0
Great song choices.	1
Won't play other songs after clicking the play button and I can't figure out where to turn off shuffle for my liked Playlist.	0
Well I do got to say had to change my mind at first I thought this site sucks what not and in the end if you do your due diligence you can get back your accounts they're pretty cool you just got a member save save your Everything download whatnot it's just got to be a better way to download it to your SD card and s*** like that when you have 100,000 songs other than that f****** Spotify Spotify hit him up download it and go you guys rock 100%	1
Even though you have to have premium to pick a song it's pretty good	1
l you can't cancel the subscription it gives you the runaround and I had to cancel my debit card over it	0
I love the music added to this, except it keeps getting rid of some songs, some of them my favorites, but most of all, it makes me happy, especially the lofi.	1
Wonderful music app. I love the new music Spotify finds for me. Thank you.	1
I like Spotify but when I use the app it tells me I have no play lists and all the play lists have nothing on them but when I use Spotify on the website I have 2 play lists and there is play lists, why is that?	0
Been using spotify for 6 or 7 years and had all together a year or more of premium. Was a great app but now I'm literally getting ads every 2 songs. So I can't recommend it anymore.	0
I love it on my Xbox but the mobile app is poorly formatted and impossible to use, and the limited skips an hour is bs, when you run out you can just change the song manually, and why can't you view the songs on a Playlist as a list of individuals like on xbox, the littoral console with a controller being your only way of control, that's right, the xbox version is better formatted than the mobile peice of junk.	0
Best music streaming service ever!!	1
I love it the best music app thanks	1
Probably my most used app, I use it every day and have never not used it. Full ratings deserved	1
The best app to listen to advertisements	0
A Great experience when you can see the progression of your own music on here flourish you provide a lot for us musicians keep the good work up and fighting for the artists rights and best interest	1
Why are literally all of your ads 3x louder than the songs stop	0
Why this app getting worse! Songs playing and I can't see the player. I can't stop, skip, or do anything. Please fix it.	0
I get to listen to all my favorite bands it's amazing I love it and awesome 😎 too I'm a fan of bands so yeah!	1
It works good on pc but on the phone it's garbage.... When i click to play a song it automatically shuffles to another song that i did not click on... No way you can take off the shuffle at all so i had to uninstall it...	0
Good selection, not so good app.	0
Always great quality. Always works great.	1
Spotify is one of the best music apps on this planet! There are absolutely NO ads! Nothing gets in the way of Spotify's music!	1
Haven't used this app for a very long time and I don't followed any changes, but before I was able to listen one song, I had to watch 8 (!) ads. Like 3 X 30 seconds and 5 X 15 seconds ad. The song was shorter than those ads	0
Best music app ever, I used to spend 100 bucks a month on CDs but now 9.99 is all and the best part is that this app finds great new music I would never have found! I LOVE YOU SPOTIFY "PLATONIC OF COURSE"!	1
Great music app, premium is a must.	1
The heart button doesn't work, so I can't add songs to my liked songs	0
Go to choice for podcasts and music, good app.	1
Recent update needs urgent bug fix!! Control bar missing, music glitches when I turn off phone screen or navigate apps, and sometimes my phone will just start playing randomly now. I don't know what you guys did, but a quick fix would be to just restore an update to last patch. Love Spotify but can't use (or want to pay for) an app like this....	0
It keeps on turning my music off as well as changing to music that's not even in my playlists. Me giving it one star might be a bit harsh but, I would like to listen to the music I choose otherwise what's the point of a playlist.	0
The app isn't working on my phone anymore (Samsung A20). It was working just fine before the more recent update, but now all the playlists are empty and I can't play a single song (and no, I don't have offline mode turned on).	0
I couldn't open my Spotify account anymore!	1
You're better off paying for youtube music. There is no way to cancel your account/subscription if you forgot any credentials like a password or user name. Have sent them several emails to attempt to cancel since you can't call them but there is no way to cancel because they say they can't find my account but they are charging me for it.	0
I switched to Spotify after Google discontinued play music and haven't regretted it.	1
I love this app. However, recently it's been glitchy. I can't control the songs. The control features are gone. The app stops. Please fix soon.	0
So convenient and easy to use	1
Very nice But innum songs add panuga	1
Continuing to say no internet connection.. with full bars. All other apps working.	0
Great app, although it can be glitchy at times. Paying for premiums so worth it.	1
What's happened? I've been using Spotify for years with no problems. But now podcasts keep randomly pausing, and the control bar has disappeared so I can no longer easily play and pause, or use the sleep function. This app isn't cheap and with this reduced functionality I feel I'm getting a poor deal.	0
The worst app I've ever used, ads all the time and a lot of them, six skips AN HOUR plus not being able to play any song you like you have to listen to a whole Playlist in a random order with a few songs you were actually looking for, I also constantly run into problems that span across four phones and a laptop so it isn't my device, another limitation is listening on only one device at a time and it takes a little to switch, the only thing I use it for is listening to podcasts which isn't bad	0
I always used to like this app and it was my favourite app to listen music or podcasts to, but lately I can't really download anything even though I have plenty of storage left and the app keeps on stopping. I deleted the app multiple times and restarted my phone but nothing works and after the last update everything just got worse.	0
Excellent service with all chromecast devices	1
It's ok, but $10/month is too much to pay, especially knowing how little the artists actually get out of that money.	0
I will only rate 5 if you include option "Set Music As" Ringtone, Alarm Tone and Message Alert tone. Edit: I'm lowering my rating more because it's annoying that it doesn't have option to remove a certain song directly from my playlist. I still need to get out and find the song to remove it instead of it being available when you click the 3 dots.	0
Worst song app because it's have an add in between of songs so worst	0
So far so good .... Came over from another streaming service and its only the first billing month , I have had no problems and the library is much better, lots more podcast to choose from and .... I dont even miss Neil Young ✌	1
This is a bad app. Resso is much better than Spotify. A song is repeated over and over again. I wanted to give it zero star, but There is no system for that. I'm uninstalling it.	0
All previous comments been covered. Started off brilliant under premium plan. Now ads coming fast as. I didn't pay to listen to ads & lose playlists etc. I'm canceling subscription.	0
The app won't even launch on my phone Just keeps showing the Spotify logo I'm disappointed	0
Very good app but so many ads	1
Spotify is the perfect name....spotty at best. I cant believe how many times the app plays music and sometimes it just doesnt want to. Mix that with zero phone support and fix the problem is a joke. I pay for this service for way to long now it just doesnt work at all. Ive looked at all forums and nothing has fixed the problem.	0
It's bad it doesn't let you pick your own song. It's so confusing	0
I spoke with customer service for hours about an issue I was having and the final conclusion was that the issue was with my phone model. If you have issues that are specific to a device you should clearly market it as such if you aren't going to fix it.	0
My go to music app, first started using it years ago because no connection was needed to hear my playlists and I have never strayed.	1
I find every song every time	1
Damn My profile picture was in my Spotify and click man I love the playlist thank you so much	1
Excellent at guessing what kind of music I'd like to hear next. Always a great listening experience.	1
Awesome app that stays up to date with the latest rap and hip hop. My favorite app for music by far.....	1
It is because you don't have the right lyrics for a song	0
Won't show current song playing leaving one to scour the web based on lyrics! So much fun	0
So bad. Ads that will lag your device [S10] and will pop up and start playing random song's at random times. Try YT music and audible The programs MUST be trolling.	0
I don't want to give money just to listen to a specific song	0
Constant crash and video restarts. Instantly connects and plays last video to any Bluetooth device you are connected to	0
how do i play a songinstead of a damn playlist..... please.. tell me.... i cant figure out after about an hour	0
Yes it's good cause i like jazz wt all my heart	1
It won't even load and that's very upsetting considering I was charged for it.	0
I might as well just totally discontinue usage of this service. I hope they didn't layoff good staff for high school interns.	1
As of 7/7, this issue has been resolved. I have changed my review to reflect this change It is normally great, but recently the app has been stopping audio randomly, not letting me pause or fast forward, the pop-up doesn't appear so I can't scroll in the song. I have to close the app to stop the music. While listening to podcasts, the podcast will stop and I will have to start over. Due to bugs in the current update, I'm not able to fast forward to where I was.	1
Great choice of music, easy to create playlist and music always at my fingertips 💃	1
I am thoroughly enjoying Spotify and the flexibility that I have with this streaming service to create Playlist of my favorite types of music.	1
Spotify music player good app	1
I've been a long time user of spotify and love the amount and quality of music I can use, but recently it's like I'm paying for nothing. Everytime I try to load my downloaded songs I have to close the app a couple times before it will load. I pay to have the ability to listen offline and am not getting that.	0
Spotify plays all of my favorite songs 🎵	1
A must app. But payment issues in Nepal and can we download the lyrics please. Considering these minor things , Spotify is great app to listen to music	1
I gat everything i need right on spotify..	1
You can find just about any song I don't get ads.	1
New update and a new problem comes up!! Now i can't search for my playlists! Can't queue properly. Uninstalled and reinstalled and it's crashed three times on chromecast in 20 minutes! You guys really are total idiots. And now artists tracks are missing. Utterly useless.	0
Really enjoy the music. No technical problems.	1
Improve feature as like if u right swipe the playlist, they gets queued as well, just like songs	1
Used for a year, and it's better than Pandora, however.. Missing the most basic feature, play history. This is why I refuse to pay. I use Pandora and Spotify to discover new music, and when I can't look up who just played, whats the point really? Edit: Still broken.	0
Love this versatile option for exploring and enjoying my music choices	1
So many great songs to choose from!!	1
You guys should add JPop to the main genres on the menu, just as you've added Kpop.	0
Using this every day, all the time. Subscription is worth it.	1
This app is so hard to navigate on phone if I click a a song a have liked it goes to didn't song I never heard or it might play a demo of the song that is dumb it should play the song	0
Been a great experience, highly recommend.	1
Great app for finding your favorite music	1
App doesn't even open! Uninstalled it and re downloaded it and nothing still not working !	0
Use to have beats that then turned in apple music,(which did not like at all) found out about Spotify and do not regret getting it.	1
On my galaxy s22 this app is unreliable at best. Podcasts drop off or the app crashes and I can't stop the track and Spotify doesn't remember were I was inside of the podcast. It's not usable.	0
Excellent choices in music based on my tastes	1
Endless issues, stops and/or starts without any reason, plays episodes I didn't request. Frequently stops and won't play at all. It's the worst of all the podcast players I use - I only use it because I can't get Rogan anywhere else. If it wasn't for Joe Rogan and the Dark Horse podcast, I'd dump it in a heartbeat and never miss it.	0
I love the Spotify app. Especially the lyrics feature...I can sing along!	1
Love it!!! Great work out tool also.	1
Nothing. After I registered and pay premium mini I can't play or add, open profile of my account. How it this even possible? Plus daily mox from Spotify aslo marked as empty	0
I love that I can listen to my downloaded music without using my data.	1
I enjoy spotify.every song I want it right here	1
Love it especially every favorite song i play, especially since I'm a huge music head.	1
Very spotty servers, laggy mobile and desktop apps that crash and hang with no explaination despite top tier hardware. Catalog shrinking due to political and copywrite nonsense.	0
This is the worst podcast player. Everything is harder than it should be.	0
Didn't think I would enjoy spotify, I couldn't have been more wrong. Dr	1
I have good internet connection , but system keep saying that im not connected Whats wrong with this ? I have same problem everytime i need to buy a premium please fix	0
It's the best music app to listen to your favorites songs	1
Everything works and sounds great.	1
Good stuff on spotify	1
It takes so long just to download	0
Ok so here's the deal Spotify has this new update where they add there recommended songs on there...this is a problem because you come to Spotify yo listen to your Playlist and the music you like now all you here on YOUR Playlist is songs you don't know and can't sing along to...the only way to get rid of it is by adding at least 15 songs to your Playlist! So me being like ok I did so...for awhile everything was good but the Spotify kept playing songs that I didn't add! USELESS!!!	0
Long time user. Lately it's been full of glitches. Can't control the app, it always says Spotify is trying to play, it randomly pauses whatever you're listening to every few minutes. It's almost unusable right now. Its a shame because it's been my go to for so long 😕	0
I love this app but when i try to listen to my fav song it puts something else that's why i am giving you 1 star make it ok please	0
Love Spotify I recemend it to all my friends absolutely love the blend play list	1
I pay for Spotify premium now because I don't like ads but Amazon music was absolutely atrocious when it came to podcasts. I have had zero issues with Spotify at anytime for anything!	1
It works only when you open it, it's getting hard to use.	0
I don't know if it is just my headphones, my device, or the app but it only makes the background sound and the shouting audible, but the melody in the songs doesn't play at all. If this problem is fixed I will rate 5 stars.	0
30 mins 1-2 ads (pc), 10 mins 3 ads (android/ios)	0
Every time i wanna play a song. It plays the wrong song that i dont like. Please fix this	0
My favourite app. The perfect one. Love you Spotify 💜	1
A huge collection of music	1
Amazing for music. Glitchy and extremely unreliable for podcasts. Please fix it asap, Premium doesn't feel very premium anymore. Edit: One year later and the issue remains. 2 star becomes 1 star.	0
I've used spotify for years and have payed for premium for a few years now. Recently the app has started skipping and cutting the music like a broken record. The problem stops when my phone screen is either unlocked or at least on. I've tried all of the recommended fixes online. None of them have worked. If the problem persists I will be canceling my premium subscription.	0
Does whatever it wants, it's easily the worst of the apps similar to it. It turns podcasts on or off at will and changes the podcast mid episode and loses its place which can be annoying to go back and track down where you left off. All this especially since 99% of the time I'm using the app while driving. Not a fan but I got a prompt to review the app so here it is.	0
This is probably just a personal experience, but I've reinstalled the app three times, restarted my phone, and cleared the cache twice but the app won't work. It will open and just show me the logo. I'm not even given the option to sign in.	0
Very good selection of music	1
Spotify has introduced me to so much great music based on what I already listen to. Every music lover should have this app!	1
After few minues of installing the app, and after I opened it, I was surprised by the ammount of restrictions that you add to the app, to a level that you maked it dead. It is like someone is in a prison or detention. I hate how you put the users in this situation to pay premium which is not accepted. Although, if you would like to make the app better, at least show how it is cool and useful for at least the first few days, then I might think if maybe I would like to purchase the premium.	0
Just awesome and easy	1
The fact that the sometimes you can't end group session and needing to reinstall it every time is cancer. Because of that sometimes the reinstalled app can't open. You can't even do a damn group session on the desktop like bro it's 2022 how badly advance do you want it to be.	0
i love it!!! very useful and worth it u should try	1
I got Spotify premium but why can't I click the shuffle button multiple times, now it just starts nd pauses the song. Plz fix its annoying	0
Spotify podcast suck so much a**. The absolute only reason I use it is to occasionally listen to Rogan... unfortunately it barely works. Spotify should gtfo of podcast because they can't even make a reliable podcast player... POS.	0
My playlists are not on spotify mobile so I can't do anything on it. Linked account on laptop, etc work fine. Only mobile. 1 star.	0
Too many advertisements. Had to listen to 10 advertisements in a row before finally listening to some music	0
Play bar disappears and you cannot skip or pause playing episode, only way it comes back is with a force close.	0
Love using this podcast	1
You guys are making this app worst day by day. You need to understand what the users demand. Just don't think about your so called business. For example, today I was playing my liked song and it jumped into another playlist. And now I can't even change the song or playlist. What the heck is this?	0
Spotify premium is great app to play all your fav music!	1
Why you added that hiding feature? Because it sucks when I want to unhide any song!	0
Fantastic app bc it so cool an easy to use	1
Well worth it for an infinity of songs and especially because there aren't any lame whining Canadian neil young songs...🤣	1
Don't have any word for this app Brilliant app	1
My music keeps stopping for no reason. The web player for computers is way better than the app.	0
You have to buy premium for the app to work correctly	0
Downloaded episodes don't play without internet. What's the point	0
Best music player in the world love you spotify 💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗	1
wowwwwwww one of the best audio play music platform i love it. awesome.	1
Moved to Deezer after constant skipping of tracks or restarting then , plus random shut down ..just because you are the largest streaming company does not mean you can provide a substandard app to your paying customer's, I would advise not starting a payment subscription right now as these issues have been going on for months , my subscription is now cancelled and I've moved to Deezer which is a far superior streaming service .	0
These new updates suck Are you going to fix the offline mode, because when i dont have data i want to open my downloaded playlist, an all i get is a black screen, i shouldnt need more data to play something that is already downloaded. For now im going to cancel my suscription, i dont want to live with this again, ill try youtube music	0
When I try to watch a podcast using Spotify on my t.v it won't show me the image	0
Covid spam, crashing, hard to navigate. Takes forever to load list of episodes. No fast forward. Buy premium to skip song lol.	0
This is best app because all songs are available on it and also my favourite Kaira l love *Spotify* Thank you *Spotify*for this you are amazing	1
The hell is wrong with Spotify. It always play the wrong music	0
Best music app so far	1
Hi, I changed my account to 2 accounts, the monthly fee went up but the changes didn't happen, when you don't do your job properly, how do you expect to receive the fee?	0
This is a AMAZING app and I feel that it has all of the songs I ever want to play and I am glad I downloaded it.	1
Brilliant music experience.	1
I really don't understand how one of the biggest music apps on the planet can be this buggy. Frequently missing the "now playing" tab at the bottom of the app, which means all controls (skip, pause, etc) are missing. Randomly says "no internet connection" while clearly connected to the internet and streaming. If you search for a song and play it, then let it autoplay similar songs afterwards, you can't go back and listen to the original song without backing out and selecting the song again.	0
It's not opening. The app isn't opening	0
Best platform for streaming music tbh	1
Was good at one point. A very long time ago. Now just fluffs its own playlists with fake artists. Spotify has discovered its more profitable to pay themselves than it is to pay actual people, and has stuffed its playlists with fluff to smother out actual artists. Couple this with the horrible death spiral that is Daily Mixes (read: same 25 songs you heard yesterday, plus all the songs you tapped "block" on- in case you changed your mind) and also F "car thing". I have a stereo but yall ruined it	0
Absolutly love it! My husband and i both have lists,that people follow. .trippylist is one of them.. If you like phish, dave matthews, widespread panic, follow trippylist. Abd tgeres other vands on it	1
Nice app it's handy and most music is on it, you guys should add music soul mate.	1
App will not load just flashing Spotify symbol and no customer support to fix it. I've had it since Google music stopped 2 years ago. I've loved Spotify since but for the past week the app won't load. I've uninstalled and installed 90 times but still won't load. Spotify needs custom service and support. You don't value our money or membership if you can't provide that much	0
A little pricey, but am enjoying it....	1
Nice app for music	1
It's the best music browser	1
Number 1 aap in all music apps	1
Love the app when it's working. I'm paying 10 bucks a month for something to crash every 15 min and I've been waiting for over a month for it to be fixed and it's not the app timer cause I checked. If it's not fixed soon I'll find and pay for another service cause dealing with this for 10 hours a day while I'm at work is ridiculous.	0
Worst designed app I've ever used. Takes ages to load downloaded content, or to download content at all. Every page seems to take way too long to load. Get any other player.	0
Great and easy to find your music.	1
Best music app no issues or any bugs	1
Great when it works, but crashes 30% of the time I try to use it, need to restart my phone just to get it to work again.	0
I love it soo 😍💕much it feel very relief when you 😌listen music But only problem is the adds	1
Fantastic and free!	1
I've seen worse UI and UX work on other apps, but not many.	0
Great music application 👌	1
Best music app ever ❣❣❣	1
Premium user for 7 years but the app just does not work anymore! The play button is missing, and the app just stops working every 30 seconds when on mobile data!! What am I even paying for at this point? Even when the songs are downloaded and I am "offline"!! And you can't speak with a human about these issues, there is no telephone number!! Soooooo disappointed 😞. Im also looking into other music options now	0
I love Spotify! Not only for music but I listen to podcasts before I go to bed each night. It helps me drift off to sleep 😴	1
The app is great. The experience so far has been top notch. Keep it up Spotify!	1
The app is good only if you purchase premium.	1
It's won't shuffle the songs I have in my library or my liked songs. Since the update it won't shuffle the songs.	0
*UPDATE* Still no response re my emails. So disappointed. Time to cancel services I think. The status band from the bottom of the screen is gone. I can't pause, skip forward or back etc and it makes navigating the app frustratingly difficult. I have emailed a help request twice now with no response. I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've logged out and back in. Still nothing. For an app I pay a premium price for I would think somebody would interested in resolving the issue.	0
Easy to navigate App with all your fav tunes	1
HiFi promised by the end of 2021 yet still not available. All competitors have HiRes music and most have spacial audio. Spotify is so far behind the competition at this point. Can't wait to cancel.	0
Never needed to look anywhere else for a specific song.	1
Hlo Sir I am Spotify user sir I request your premium plan on payment method in play store i requested you pls open the service in play store payment pls i humble request	0
Constant problems with this app for 2 straight years. All that money and can't put out a good app that simply works...	0
Great music. Easy to navigate.	1
I've had Spotify paid subscription for years and love the app, but ever since the last update it randomly stops showing the song that is playing as well as pause stop next etc and the only way to see it again is to reboot my device. Could you please look and fix this?	1
Since you've updated this app, it no longer connects to the dedicated Spotify app on my Pioneer Head unit, only through the phones Bluetooth. This has been proven by people uninstalling and reinstalling an older version though an apk install. Please fix. Zero interest from Spotify brings this down to one star due to lack of any customer service.	0
There is no option to download single song. Download is available for full album Only. So add icon to download one by one song.	0
I love it.... I will recommed this app for everyone to use♡ i loved the most is that it shows lyrics in every single song and it it has a really few adds, you all guys know how irritating the adds are😢but you will not face that problem in spotify👍👍👍I loved your application.	1
After using Spotify premium for 3 months it's nice but if you don't pay for it you will have a hell of a time doing anything on the app.	0
Do not buy premium. You still get ads for podcasts. It is not the podcasts' ads, they are supplemental ads that go straight to spotify. On top of that, they have overoptimized this just like every other app. Convenient to switch from car play to non car play, only problem is the floating button is placed right over the play button for a song or album. These overlooked problems are everywhere. Buttons on top of buttons, settings not saving, network not updating. I cant justify $9.99/month anymore	0
Spotify is a nice app and I like it very much but all of a sudden the songs in my playlist aren't visible and there are only names of the songs. I can't order the songs in the way that I want and I can't see what song is next. I deleted Spotify and installed it again but it didn't work, I also cleared chache but that still did nothing.	0
I have to uninstall and reinstall this app every few days. Podcasts just randomly stop playing, even if I've downloaded them. Annoying.	0
It always tells me I am offline. I know I'm not because all my other apps work fine.	0
Good sound music any thing you want to listen to	1
Awful app and service. No longer paying for premium as spotify simply does not work!	0
Excellent. Enjoying Spotify on phone & in car very much!	1
Terrible really. Slow to load menus, searches, library. Sometimes it wont even load my saved songs for minutes forcing me to restart the app. Even worse if it's in offline mode. Often just stops playing randomly and has to be reset to work again. Terrible app	0
I've always liked Spotify and how it adjusts to my music tastes and changes. The sele tion of available artists and songs is also awesome.	1
I love this app. It helps alot and you get anything you want du music, Motivations I mean every kind of song.	1
Since one and half hour i cant open app. it's not opening. why?	0
Yaa...this is app is very nicee.. It's feature are like fantastic.😊 In it have all type of songs like remix , any trending song , edited song , any other song. In that app you can make lot of playlists without any lag. I like this app and you should be download this app. And after downloading this app don't forgetting to "Rate" this application. Okay.... ; /	1
Love Spotify, couldn't imagine my life without it...:)	1
Had a login on my Spotify so I changed the password and logged out of all accounts and it let me log back in on my laptop but for some reason it's just stuck on the logo screen on my phone and a lot of other people have that problem if they log out. Not really sure what to do. I uninstalled it and restarted my phone and it didn't work either.	0
Best music streaming app hands down	1
This app is the best music app I have ever used.	1
This spotify music touches the very thougth in mind . A true experince to listen.	1
Great content! Drops out sometimes or turns off for unknown reason.. but great free app!	1
Bad. For some strange reason my app is not working. I switched to premium and now the app just starts and shuts. Don't know if this issue is connected with my mobile or otherwise. Looking forward to hear from the technical team of Spotify thanks..	0
Best music app on the market	1
App crashes constantly	0
It is great, and although there are still things to improve you can see they hear the user and improve what they need.	1
I love music and i like the variety of music and songs arranged. I love to listen to all the podcasts	1
Usually my go-to app for music but it won't stay open on my pixel 6. I've had to reinstall twice in 2 days.	0
I have purchased premium subscription to avoid "ads" but no use,waste of money,I am frustrated by ads....please don't waste ur money.....developers make improvement...other wise no use	0
I'm a premium user and can say this app is so buggy it's insane while listening to podcasts they constantly restart and i have to try and figure out where I left off because when it does restart it also marks the entire podcast as played so you have no clue where you left off on top of that since the new update i can't access what is actually playing on the app at all it doesn't even say I'm listening to anything and I'm unable to pause unless i close the app fix it I'm sick of paying for broken	0
All of my favorite podcasts from all aspects of my recreational life to my professional life in one place.	1
Very nice app for music lover	1
great collection of music	1
Love it! ❤ i can find all of my music, podcasts, meditations in one place.	1
The whole package is great. I would recommend this app to everyone	1
why did the shuffle option change when you listen one of your playlists ? it just sucks, the same songs play on repeat and you juste have to skip them MULTIPLE TIMES when you could just skip them once before, and just go on with your 45h of songs. Also the linked songs in the radio are the same that are already in my playlists, yeah I like them but what I wanted was discover new ones... and if you want to remove them from radio because you already know them it just delete them from your playlist	0
couldve been a good app if it werent so restricting. its decent in windows, but in mobile? god, this app is the worst. too much lag, needs premium for everything, and plays random songs you dont put in your playlist. you cant loop a song in mobile either.	0
Great streaming app I use it everyday...🤙🤙🤙👍👍💯💯	1
I didn't like/ I don't like the automatic update! & now (without premium) how to one song on repeat?! This new update/new version 8.7.44.968 is Sucks!😡	0
Terrible app. Can't even play the song you want. When I click a song it plays something entirely different. You can't do anything about it unless you have premium or you use a computer	0
☹️☹️☹️ Spotify is an amaazing app.. knowing tht.. i went for d premium.. but even aftr the payment, it is still not showing premium n still i get ads .. if anybody cud help.. pls do☹️	1
Really good music easy to use	1
7/7/22 - The app had been working fine for a while, but is now suffering from the Samsung/Android issue. The playing now bar doesn't show up and the app stops playing randomly in the middle of songs and podcasts. 1/13/21 ‐ I've been using Spotify for about a year now (with a paid account) but recently the app has stopped playing anything. Will definitely cancel my service and uninstall if it continues.	0
Music = Freshness This is the Great Music listening App.. And guys seriously experience is great...	1
Have been using this streaming platform for years, and I just now decided to rate it. It's everything and more! It's interactive and can be very personal. 5/5 for sure!	1
Used to work great until the last update. Now their is no option to pause or resume music or podcast. The only way to pause is to completely close the app. This really sucks Spotify, as a premium customer I should have an option to pause not close the entire app. Please fix this!!!!	0
The best music service in the universe!!! 97 custom playlists and counting. Downloaded music is amazing. You customer service is the best. Nobody can match Spotify.	1
This software is really terrible. I can't get rid of the "currently playing" item and I can't get the sort to play podcasts starting at season 1 episode 1. How in the world can sucg basic software be so bad.	0
I don't know what happened but I can't see the songs that I added in my play lists but in my liked songs I can see them. I'm hoping it could be fixed or it's just my problem? But this app is awesome 5 stars:))	1
can't open the app suddenly. I tried uninstalling it but it's the same after reinstalling again.. I'm stuck at the logo.	0
Every every song I look for is there....,. Still haven't found a song that isn't on there	1
Too much ads	1
After last update i can't forward podcasts via Bluetooth or on mobile app	0
Here at Spotify u can make a world u want where u can feel ur self without any hassle	1
Best music app ever!!!	1
Spotify does what I always wanted You tube to figure out.	1
I love Spotify.	1
Best music app suggest this app to save battery life and stream or listen to downloadable music. Not a free music platform. But the music suggestions and logarithm world class!	1
Poor, music stops randomly , bar dissapears, what's going on??? Think it's time to look at rivals	0
Since last update the queue system is broken only lets you add one song to a queue and will frequently bug out and hide controls for currently playing podcasts and makes it impossible to pause it from the app. I dont know how you managed to ruin your qrues system more the YouTube music buy this is embarrassing, if this isn't fixed by next billing date I'll be forced to move platforms so that I can actually listen to my music and podcasts	0
All the music I need, easy to access and organize an extensive library.	1
For more than a week now i an unable tobdownload Spotify app on my Samsung A51. I have been in touch with the technical department and have done all the measures one can perform to fix the issue like deleting data n cache, clearing up storage and memory uninstall and reinstall thousands of time. Spotify could not rectify the issue at all and then wanted me to participate in their service suvey.....rubbing salt over wounds...Its not free, i am paying for their service...feel cheated by spotify	0
You podcast experience sucks please fix it and don't put adds on an app that I pay for	0
I can't even load the app anymore. I have a gig of free storage, so that's not it. I have had this problem for the past 3 weeks on or off wi-fi.	0
Can not back to the previous song and when try to back the latest song is play, bad experience.	0
Dear Spotify Developer your awesome guys 💓💯... you are Algorithms make my days beautiful. Every day 5 to 7 hours i am enjoy music & podcast . I kindly request one things pls add podcast down people opinions or comments Aption add to podcast setion.	1
Whenever I try to play or choose a song, the ones who show up are different I'd like to get that fixed.	0
It's a very good app for music. .	1
Unless you plan on getting a subscription, don't bother. I had to listen to 2 minutes worth of ads after every 3 songs.	0
Trash podcast player. Crashed constantly mid podcast and have to close app and restart to try and finish listening. Garbage plain and simple.	0
Good probably but like without paying we can't download songs and if we are traveling especially music lovers it wouldn't come offline	1
Great quality sound. Many problems with app.	0
When I play my fave song, then the other song will play	0
Best music app by far	1
Better than Pandora not as much data used.	1
Really good experience 👌 no cap	1
Buggy to the point that I'm considering switching services. Restarting the app is now a ritual of being a user. Wasn't always like this, only the past few months. Whatever the case, dev team has shown little signs of a fix coming any time soon...	0
The songs will not show in created playlists, only the artists. Also won't work with searching. Was fine on my tablet but just installed it on my new phone for convenience and was very disappointed.	0
this app is just awesome.if you are a music lover like me then just go for it	1
My new favorite music platform!	1
I can't open the app this is trash	0
I don't see the control screen for podcasts anymore. It keeps playing in the background and there's absolutely no way to even pause or stop it other than force closing the app. This wasn't the case until today (July 07, 2022).	0
Stopped working. Uninstalled, installed new still won't load. Either stuck on logo or black screen	0
This app only let's me skip a few times and I can't add the song I want anymore so 1 star	0
I freaking love Spotify it is the best ever all the songs I ever wanted are all right here on Spotify thank you so much Spotify you guys rock	1
I can't see the control to skip, pause, stop music, etc. Please fix this!	0
Can't play music only plays 2 song then stops 😑	0
Was a great app until a week ago, for some reason it stopped working. All of my liked songs disappeared and won't play any music. I tried updating it, uninstalling it and re-downloading it but nothing works. I'll have to go back to pandora if it doesn't get fixed. Plz help	0
Can listen to songs in the background while using other apps	1
This is a best song app	1
Taking away the one star because of the advertisements	1
I don't like it a lot when I want to play a song anotjer song pops up	0
Great selection and easy to use.	1
All good To Easy Spotify Rock's	1
l love spotify because it has every song in it!!!!!!!!!!!	1
I'm rating this 2 stars whenever I keep skipping the song that is NOT in my playlist its still keeps letting me listen to another song that isn't in my playlist its quite annoying.. It's just I can't buy the premium but I want to listen to my own playlist so please fix it.	0
My Spotify does not work if I use wifi it shows ads but doesn't let me choose the song to play as there is no "internet connection" I am not able to listen to my podcasts and am very dissatisfied with the app. I deleted the app and reinstalled it and now I can't even login. What a great app!	0
Musical lovers always like this app such an amazing 🤗❤️	1
I am so angry at Spotify! On mobile, whenever I'm trying to listen to a song, it plays something else and it makes the one song I wanted to listen to a playlist with a bunch of other songs! I am so pissed and I am uninstalling the app now 🤬	0
Please fix I pay for premium but it keeps pausing and stopping.. option to play next song is not even there!!!!	0
An app that can't play a song we like for free at the time we want is useless	0
Frequently force close and current play button is missing, both in app and in my phone notification (also lock screen?.	0
It won't even start anymore, It will go to the standard black screen with logo, go black for a moment and then go back to that screen untill my phone tells me the app isn't responding. I have reinstalled the app, checked for updates, restarted my phone, it works fine on pc and others, other people have had this issue before, so fix your app please	0
It worked fine for the first few weeks and stopped playing under WiFi connection, it's stupid	0
I used to love this app. It was the only place I got my podcasts and music but recently it either stops whenever it wants to or it won't stop without me uninstalling it. It also starts to play a playlist then plays a random song not on any of my playlists?!?! I have a premium account and am seriously thinking about cancelling it, it annoys me so much! Sort the problems Spotify!!! It can't just be me?!?!	0
Worst aapi search the songs but another song is playing	0
A great music App..,😍😍😍	1
I cannot even listen to the music in my playlist	0
Has been a great app, but recently it's been glitchy AF. Even very simple tasks like pausing what I'm listening to, has been too much for it 😑	0
Its really good would want to listen to it more	1
It randomly will play the podcast without the bar used to pause or skip so I am forced to close the app. It constantly pushes my phone's connection to my PC even though I haven't connected the device (device not even avalible when I am on PC) but yet the podcast I was last litening to gets loaded and I loose what ever music I was listening to on my PC. Don't even get me started on all the issue with Google maps app integration which makes for unsafe driving! Please contact me for more info!	0
The problem is that I'm trying to listen to my music but on phone there is no way to stop the randomized song option which chooses from your Playlist which doesn't sad to bad until you notice that they also added songs so play instead of your music and I've spent an hour deleting music off my Play list that I didn't even add and after I finished they added more songs so basically what I'm saying is is that I can't even listen to the songs I like when using this app	0
These are issues that has gotten worse over the last few months. App continuously runs in background even when closed, and will randomly start playing. Or, app will refuse to close. App will "forget" what I have been listening to when I pause and switch to another app.	0
I was logged back into Spotify, but someone rubbish named Mick D was not taken off my home section because I had previously selected it by mistake. Please can you remove it? ❌❌❌❌❌ Stormzy ⭐❌❌❌❌ Party Rock Anthem ⭐⭐❌❌❌ AC/DC	0
Glitchy app, could be a lot more user friendly. But good library of songs if you can deal with finesse'ing your way around it from time to time	0
Good sounds, good music! Enjoy!	1
It holds the best music even from old times	1
This is an amazing app 💞🦋 wld love if liked songs can be played without using internet 🥺🐾🍁	1
This app is great and all but the fact that one can't stop shuffle if on a free account is annoying..Also why does it play recommended songs without asking...	0
Lots of ads at every 2nd song avg	0
Had to reinstall the app as it won't let me download songs, I'm on premium. Now the new installation won't even open. Nothing but issues ever since it updated. Please fix.	0
I just love this. Much better than Apple Music	1
Spotify, you're the best music......	1
Very poor for a paid service. -The music frequently stops for a few seconds -Play/pause and skip button disappears -The shuffle function favours like 20 songs I will be contacting spotify for atleast a partial refund.	0
It got even worse somehow. Now the app closes or crashes every 5 minutes, like clockwork, so I can't listen to ANYTHING	0
It won't even open it's just kept loading and loading	0
Best music app.	1
It's a good app .it's assessable and easy to use do it's really amazing(◍•ᴗ•◍)❤ ..I love you Spotify your playlists are fantastic .I recommend you Spotify.	1
I like the apps for Android phone and it gives me what I want	1
Love to have someone options of songs that is ol	1
good quality of songs	1
Easy to use and has all the songs I want.	1
Use Spotify every day for hours, has everything I want and more	1
Great APP! Many Playlists. I have found almost everything I have been searching for!	1
Worst app ever I just purchased premium membership and now I can't use wifi to do anything in the app always showing no internet connection. My other apps are doing fine with wifi I've been using apple music for about 2 years and I've never face this issue I am so disappointed. Please check yourself before pay for premium.	0
The music available is awesome,I have no need or desire to listen to the Podcast selection. If I could find another alternative to this(Spotify), without the annoying Podcast,I'd do it in a heartbeat.	1
It is the best music app I ever had.	1
Y'all can find almost every song/mashup/remixes here!!	1
Why cant i get a premium? It has been 6 months since i got a premium but why cant i get now? Is this a bug or malfunction?	0
I enjoy listening to my christian favorite songs	1
excellent application more than the others.	1
Your better off listening to music on YouTube because then at least you may actually be able to pick what song you want to play on a playlist instead of it forceing it to being random every time and sometimes it'll play stuff that's not even on your playlist and the only way to skip it is to have premium or use one of your six skips for the day. The only reason I'm keeping it is to keep track of which songs I actually like so that way I can listen to them on YouTube. would not use again	0
Amazing music app	1
Best Music Streaming App	1
Pc version which I used on a tablet was absolutely amazing but the mobile version is dogshit, can't even pick a specific song to play and I can only skip 6 times? Retared system which makes me want to drink bleach.	0
Spotify is the best app that I used the songs are amazing	1
The ads are ridiculous!!! I'm a free listener and every two songs there is 5 commercials and it's dumb so I am going to stop using this app!!!!!!!!!	0
It's easy to use and also user friendly	1
I love it. All I can say is. It has all I needed to hear. ❤️❤️❤️	1
Would rate better if I could choose the songs I'd actually want to listen to, the Xbox/Tablet/Web client are all far better than this junk.	0
I don't know if this is a glitch, but I can't even choose the song I want to play when I want to listen to my playlist. It just plays some random song. I tried to play lofi music to relax and it played We Don't Talk About Bruno. Its kinda annoying that I have a small chance it'll ACTUALLY play the song I want. I'm still gonna keep trying though. I also keep getting ads for period pads which is kinda gross 🤨	0
My spotify took too long to open. I tried clearing the data and cache but it still doesn't work and operate. Pls help fix this.	0
Stopps playing for no apparent reason. No more dropdown comands. Its still buggy which is kind off incredible for such a big company. Shame	0
It's awesome having all the songs you can think of in 1 spot and the lyrics playing along is the best feature. Love it	1
I ain't gonna buy premium try putting as much as advertisements u want!	0
I recently purchased Spotify premium and after my subscription was over I canceled it cause I didn't need it anymore but after that it logged me out of my account and won't let me log back in or reset my password	0
It is a wonderful app. It has all. Kind of songs and can be operated on both PC and mobiles.	1
This app is easily the best music streaming app when you pay for premium. No ads, offline downloads, great recommendations, unbelievably high audio quality, and a very user friendly UI. Without premium, you have relentless ads, lesser audio quality, no offline downloads, you're not allowed to ever turn off shuffle play. I get most of these, but when you lock playing albums in order behind a paywall, I think you're getting a little money hungry. Just pay premium and you'll get your money's worth	1
Fun fun fun!	1
I just really like for the music	1
It's bad in the sense because it provide all benefits just in the paid version. I mean to say some benefits also provide to the free version.	0
At first the app is good but now I can't play the full songs and the format has change which is very confusing. Plus it only plays the preview lol	0
Constantly cuts out podcasts and only shows playing song about half the time good for music but alot of bugs	0
The Best music steaming service	1
This "intuitive" app is worthless. The only good thing is its library, and its barely that. Update: still worthless. 7/7/2022	0
Spotify is the best music app ever. It give only one ads of 30 seconds and you can listen uninterrupted song for 30 min.❤️ And this app has quite smooth experience 🙂 must download it.	1
Its not opening after many try of re installing	0
You should be glad i rated this 2 stars. Why? Because i made a playlist and random songs keep playing, i literally have like 10+ songs in my playlist and i didn't hear any of them, Please..Fix it. also When I listen to songs they just randomly stop, Kindly fix yhe bugs^^ thanks	0
Not reliable enough to pay for. If you're willing to put up with crashes and times where it just won't open, fine. Just don't pay for it expecting the paid subscription to change anything; it doesn't.	0
What a Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful song about my JESUS who gives us Excess Love that we dont deserve. Thanks Mercy Blessings on you and yours 🙏💜.	1
I got really good music I got a really good library of some really good sounds really good artist I'm good with it	1
Worst app .. With 10 minutes music and lots of ads	0
The app won't let you access the music and podcasts you've already downloaded to your phone when there is no service. What's the point of downloading them to your phone if you can't listen to them offline?	0
Great for offline music and has a wide variety	1
Hard to rate compared to other offering but I like Spotify and it's a good deal.	1
I use spotify every single day. Also get Premium	1
I love Spotify and all the music it brings me, but recently I've experienced trouble using the lock screen widget (it no longer exists), so I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, now the app won't even open!	0
Yeah, apparently, you can got "hacked" here. People can add songs to your "liked song" without confirmation.	0
Easy to use and enjoyable. The music available is fantastic	1
Love the app, but the player bar on the bottom frequently disappears, leaving podcasts continually running without a way to control them unless I force stop & re-open the app. Will rate 5 stars when fixed.	0
Keeps putting a push in my notification area even though I blocked notifications. Uninstalled. Play Music is much better anyway.	0
App takes forever to load...like over 1 min. Program is very slow to start playing, but works after. Don't know if it is because it is downloading songs or if it is a memory hog. I have my songs on an SD card.	0
Exploring n awesome experience	1
Spotify has been extremely buggy on my Samsung S22+. The biggest problem is when I open Spotify, whatever was last playing or is currently playing is not displayed in the player. It's just missing. Closing and reopening Spotify used to fix that. Lately it will persist through attempts to fix it. Has a lot of problems accessing "offline" content I specifically downloaded to listen to when offline. Displaying wrong dates shows were last updated 😕 Fix this buggy app!	0
My Spotify is not opening... When i open it, it only shows the Spotify icon Please rectify this problem	0
Excellent all around. Thanks!	1
This is just disgusting...I mean I can't listen any of my favourite songs without premium accounts!why?this is not done..If you want to listen songs for free then this is not a good app for that...toooo disappointing	0
They would add their songs to MY PLAYLIST! I can't make a playlist without having songs I didn't put on it on.	0
Everything I'm looking for, an app worth listening to.	1
It was a great app except now it cuts in and out sometimes for some reason. Sometimes it won't even play. Please fix this	1
I've had Spotify for about 2 to 3 weeks and it's seems great and is better than I thought it was going to be.	1
The app stopped working and will not open past the logo screen. Have tried everything for days and still can't even login.	0
This app has been acting up lately pausing for long periods during podcasts and won't play via Bluetooth in my car. Also will play the same ad over and over and I'm unable to skip through it and get back to whatever I was listening to. I've had to Uninstall and re install numerous times the past few weeks. Please fix!	0
Song i would rate this a 4 becuse when i try to play a song it puts a diffrent song on and my settings are default but these song are good so 5	1
The app logged me out of my account, I've had to update my password and now the app stays on a screen with the logo and won't open at all. I have uninstalled and downloaded again and updated and it won't open.	0
Charged me for 3 months after I canceled my subscription, and would only refund 1 month. No customer service to phone, shotty online support. Not impressed	0
Way too many ads	0
I can't open the app anymore since I updated it.	0
I used to love this app. I pay for the premium version. With the latest update I can no longer pause, rewind or fast forward.	0
Spotify is the best hands down music app that is on the web I'll never use another app for my music	1
Not Working its showing only black screen	0
Keeps pausing on playback.	0
We couldn't even download any music for free	0
Way better than Apple music or Amazon music	1
It wouldn't go past the loading screen even after trying to restart my device and uninstalling and reinstalling the app.	0
The play and pause button are not coming on.	0
You guys are driving me cryz, i found great Vybz from your app. I also recommend you add offline playlists in case of network barriers and bundle depletions	1
So now this app disappeared from my phone and won't install	0
I love it, all my music, when I want it.	1
The ads are too long..	0
This app has been terrible the last few months. It stops randomly, you can't stop things playing without force closing the app, and the play bar disappears regularly. When is any of this getting fixed? This is a paid app, not a free one. There's no point any more. I'm taking my business elsewhere.	0
Play/Pause bar missing. Songs will stop playing by themselves. Have uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times in 3 days. Fixes the problem for a few hours then the glitches start again	0
Awesome music and video	1
Have been paid but can't work	0
The only reason i have spotify is for the joe rogan experience and its almost not worth it the app co stantly crashes, changes what im listening to the way it works is trash i have to uninstall and re install this stupid app at least twice a month i ho estly cant believe people pay for this trash	0
Could the app be any more glitchy. Also if you could crash a little more than 2 to 3 times a day. That would be great. Thanks	0
Nice app for song downloading....	1
Bundle of collection and quality 😍🥰😇❣️💚	1
I don't like this app cuz I play bad liar it open a wrong sound😢	0
This music service itself is great, but the app is so poorly implemented. Every other update, something breaks and I have to downgrade it. (potential security risk).	0
The music is great and it has great sound quality but i had 11 ads in a row. I usually don't mind two or three ads but 11 ?? seriously? this is unacceptable. Please do something abt it thank you.	0
It great and all, a good amount of adds but 6 skips per hour? THATS STUPID, I CANT LISTEN TO MY FAV SONGS AND ONE OF THEM DONT SING THE EXACT SONG. And STOP adding songs to my playlist!!! Your ruining it!!!!	0
This app helps to release my stress by listening to wonderful song selection	1
You can't listen to a song with out going on a Playlist and you can't start over the song	0
Stop putting songs in my playlist	0
Accessible, best app	1
It's a great app. Whatever music I want whenever I want it.	1
I love it so much in paying for it lol	1
Just THE BEST, I started by myself first, but now I converted my whole family!! Love Spotify	1
100% has everything!	1
The app is great. But I don't like how the playlist has to be shuffled. What if I want to listen to a particular song? I can only skip 6 times an hour. I really dislike that.	0
Multiple ads every 10 minutes.	0
when you pick a song it doesn't play it but the next playlist please fix	1
Constantly crashes. Won't resume the podcast I was listening to. Instead starts a random episode. Almost impossible to use.	0
Garbage. Crashes all the time. Downloaded music doesn't play without signal. I'm going back to SoundCloud	0
Spotify is great. Great variety and easy to use. They provide a great amount of variety for music. Also the podcasts are vast.ots of options and things to learn.	1
Deleted my account and still charged me for subscription that is so unfair and now I can't even unsubscribe	0
So now we can't fast forward or rewind anything we are listening to? What happened to the little bar to do that with? Also even after the new update it still does not allow you to select the next track from the lock screen like a pop-up window. U have to fully unlock the phone to change the track, please fix issue it is very annoying having to unlock the phone to change the music.	0
Why are commercials being played in the middle of songs? Trash music app	0
I pay for Premium and the app always shuts down on it's own in the middle of a song or podcast and then when you open the app back up, it doesn't have the option to pause or play so to stop whatever is playing you have to close out of the app. I contacted customer service, they told me the only way to "fix" it is to uninstall the app and redownload it. This happens multiple times a week, nearly every day. What am I actually paying for?!	0
Intermittent audio on all devices using Samsung phones (2 different models) and different BT devices. I uninstalled Spotify and then reinstalled. So far so good. Spotify remembered my library so l am happy l didn't have to recreate. Spotify: Why don't you have a user note about this issue. Enough people are having the same problem.	0
Great app for music.	1
I just can't understand how it works He doesn't give the song when I ask for it He puts a lot of songs in front of me and I can't get over it 💀	0
Get better at bugs but your alright for the meantime	1
so far this is the best music app I have used rarely crash's Plays offline has a multitude of features and functions and very easy to manuver around. Thanks so much guy's and gal's for all your hard work	1
If you are into music or podcasts then they got you. Got more than you could want. More than the others. And better pricing than the others. Top shelf all day.	1
Best subscription 🙌 👏 you get what you pay for	1
Best app ever to here music	1
I can never get it to play my playlist if I try and click on it it will play music close to it and I didn't want that I've been trying so hard on the mobile app and it just sucks please fix it it's super annoying and I am never downloading this app ever again I do not recommend	0
Stop telling me I might like podcasts. They. All. Suck.	0
5 stars WHEN it works. So glitchy following the latest updates- widget doesn't work; randomly stops playing; no control bar; can't stop or pause play without exiting app entirely; sometimes available for car sometimes not.	0
Love it, though I wish the ads weren't so long, I'm too lazy to buy something to remove them, and they aren't that bad.	1
Please add more items on profile & setting.	1
Whenever I open my Spotify it just freezes the moment where the logo shows up and becomes unresponsive at all. I tried unistalling it many times, cleared my caches, freed up some space on my phone and it still doesn't respond and just freezes the moment the logo shows up when you open the app. I logged out on my Spotify and it just happened all of a sudden, I'm disappointed.	0
Worked perfectly until I started paying This app worked perfectly for years until I decided to try the free trail. Now my control bar has disappeared, my played podcasts are coming up as unplayed, I've lost podcasts I was subscribed to. I won't be renewing my subscription if the premium doesn't even work	0
App sucks and non functional. Monthly payments for this BS! If I'm paying money for something it should always be functional and bug free	0
Really enjoyed the free trial. Got my son to uograde his account to a premium family account	1
Please add the ability to play your whole playlist and not have to shuffle to different songs and add the ability to play your whole playlist on Alexa devices through the Alex skill please thank you so much.	0
Love the different station and ease of use to find the artists and songs I like 👍	1
Love it!! Has any and all my old Rock favorites, Like Frank Marino, and Pat Travers, as well 90's Grunge.	1
App won't open on my new phone.	0
Pausing- app is broken and keeps stopping. The pause/play/skip bar is missing. I've uninstall and reinstalled and still no difference. Time to cancel premium	0
New update has problems with pausing and continuing play	0
It's good app where you can lissent music but somethimes I don't understand it:)	1
Easy to use, nice that premium and paying in general is optional	1
I love Spotify! I've had it for years and couldn't be any more pleased! Look out Pandora!	1
When trying to listen to downloaded music offline the app endlessly buffers when you select your library, very frustrating.	0
I like it don't like the 3 minute ads tho	1
Very nicee but Someone hacked my account and every time it plays we're no strangers to love. You know the rules and so do I. You know commitments what I'm thinkin of, you wouldnt get this from any other guy!♡ I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling	1
my spotify is not working	0
I can't even use the app. It loads up just the symbol then sits there and goes no where idk what the problem is and none of the trouble shooting tactics are working. I've payed for premium so shouldn't I get to use the F-ing app. I would do 0 outta 5 if I could.	0
App won't reflect my playlists. Has been updated. Won't let me update my screen name either. No available support for these issues either. Remind me why I pay for premium again?!	0
UPDATED: the recent Android version is very buggy. Random pausing and display errors with the player not showing so you can't interact with the song requiring a hard close/open. Seems to be a common new complaint	0
Despite force stops, restarts and reinstalls, persistent problems of a disappearing play bar and playback randomly stopping. I recently got a Samsung phone and apparently this is a known problem. Please fix or I'll take my money elsewhere!	0
Completely bugged after update	0
Wrong direction, this last update was the worst in several years. Broke all sorts of things in the Android app experience!	0
Not good l can't listen offline why can you make it possible	0
The app keeps asking me to connect my devices(assume this is for data harvesting), why do I need to connect my device if it is already paired over BT? Debating on cancelling my membership and uninstalling if thos prompt persists.	0
Wish I could rate this junk lower. Garbage app, pauses, fails to load sometimes, full of ads, freezes, limited revenue for artists, trashy interface etc.	0
Stopped working after the most recent update won't even open 4 out of 5 times the one to two times it does open I get a blank screen the next time it opens I can't get into my library. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it twice I still can't get it to play every time I open it. As of July 1st 2022	0
Stop showing these BTS ads in background	0
Absolutely love this app. I have a very interesting fan light that has a Bluetooth and have paired my phone and able to pick out any song with guest and sing and dance with this ceiling fan that changes colors and has a speaker. Using Spotify puts so many genres at your fingertips to keep the party rocking!!!	1
I paid last month for Premium Family & my wife. Unfortunately she past away two weeks ago. Love the music, but I'll keep her phone too for when family come 5o visit.	1
I haven't had any problems with this app. I have been using it for a long time. I would just like to suggest that there should be an option to select a few songs at once to add to a playlist. Sometimes it is a bit frustrating to choose songs individually.	1
If there is a way to sort downloaded songs by artist that would catch you guys up with 15 year old music players. Also can you manage to show album art properly for a whole week straight? And the now playing bar doesn't always show up now and whatever is causing that also keeps me from controller music with my car or earbuds. Just don't be trash for 3 months straight. Dare ya	0
Handy in the car or in the shower for whatever music I'm feeling or cool podcast I want to discover. Can't imagine having to make do without it.	1
Been away for a bit, app got worse! I seriously don't get how this can happen. Every time I open the app I get stuck in the ad loops! Like seriously how many ads do I have to listen to. I have to close the app and reopen it. Talk about making it so u subscribe. I'll definitely be finding another app. Horrible!	0
Songs stop playing randomly and over the last two days the player bar disappeared so I can't pause / skip / etc. I have to force close the app to make playback stop. Works again after I restarted phone.	1
Cyber beggers, begging for premium subscription in between every songs.	0
I now can't pause music or podcasts. I don't know if there has been recent update but this has been happening since yesterday. I uninstalled the app yesterday then reinstalled this morning. Iwas working fine until now. Won't use app again. This is a pain in the neck.	0
Was fine until like 6-9 months ago. Music player keeps disappearing, so I can't pause or skip through tracks correctly. This sometimes causes the music to stop randomly as well. Really frustrating. Using Samsung s10e	0
It would be really nice if Spotify could bring out the feature of using UPI for the subscriptions for premium like Netflix. This would really help people like me who wanna take out a subscription but don't have a visa card. Please do consider in the near future!	1
Good music app! Sure, the Spotify premium only features are annoying, but it gives me music. It's functional, unlike Pandora. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐	1
I love Spotify I use it all the time it bring so much joy into my life	1
With each Update it gets worst, Sometimes the search bar doesn't appear, Sometimes search does not load, Sometimes the music plays but there is no bar indication...	0
it was phenomenal, always suggested the songs I prefer, perfect quality, although without Spotify premium, it's pretty annoying getting ads and not being able to play the songs I want too	1
Great variety of music!	1
Really good to use, I've been using Spotify a lot in the last 2½ years, Haven't had any issues with it (besides losing signal every now and then when in the car - as a passenger)	1
Keeps pausing on it's own every couple of seconds for no god damn reason. If I could just scroll from the top of my screen and press the play button I wouldn't mind, but I have to enter the app again to press play just for it to pause again.	0
Works fine on mobile, if I'm on WiFi no matter which one it just won't load anything, I tried everything, the app has all permissions, still nothing!	0
Overall it is good but the only problem is that the ads. They just take to long for it to play the next song you want to play like 3-4 ads will happen in between of you listening to what you want to listen.	0
won't let me play songs I want, and also shuffles songs when I want a specific song ALSO ALSO IT "ADDS MUSIC I MIGHT LIKE" I HATE IT, WHY CANT I HAVE JUST A FEW SONGS THAT I WANT	0
Amazing app for those who love music 🎶.... But sometimes there will be some glitches... But not all the time 😉... If u r reading reviews to download this app then just go and download this application ☺️👍.	1
Best place to listen to music too!!	1
Good content for podcast.	1
Excellent 👌... Good for burning calories....	1
I can't turn off shuffle I don't have the icon	0
App is amazing but after the recent update I'm unable to login to my profile. App won't open it gets stuck at the launch doesn't show any fields for email address and password. Hope they fix the bug ASAP	0
This app is worth its keep. Have enjoyed it so far. Hope they can improve on the sound output.	1
It's fun and free, but because of the auto shuffle I can't listen to a single song, even recommended songs I have to wait and listen to 5 other songs just to listen to a song I might not even like.	0
I was once a deezer user but when i tried this app, I have been so addicted to music	1
Spotify is great, I love it	1
Worked fantastic on mobile until recent update. It will take a short time to load (usually seamless), but then the controls do not appear after selecting a song. Don't know if that has to do with an ad that always plays? Can't see which one, no controls or album/ad view. After a few songs it will cut off. This time it crashed after 2 songs. Addendum: same issue with podcasts, even if an advert doesn't play first--no controls, cuts off unexpectedly. Happens on WiFi or cell data	0
Hey, can you give us an option to just randomly play a song, either from any of the playlists or from your suggestions for me or any random song and not just the last played song, from the home page upon app load? More like the Surprise me option in Netflix?	1
Very Good Music App	1
Brilliant especially on Bluetooth	1
Best music experience ever	1
It adds songs that I don't want hear!	0
I can't use my spotify, I don't know what happened.	0
Any options left for students who cannot afford premium and have to deal with double unskippable ads?	0
Perfect music app!	1
Usually love Spotify, but recently been having problems with it! After about 15 minutes of playing something it just cuts off, radio silence. When opening app, it takes a long time to respond, doesn't show you what you were listening to so end up having to find episode/song and play from beginning. The other day the whole app just wouldn't open at all?? Something has happened in the recent updates that has made it really buggy and laggy.	0
Great App. Really like it. Strongly recommended.	1
Has all my favorite music!!	1
This is best app of songs I love this really	1
Suppper app. when I upset.and tired Just i listen the song's in this app.my mind is fulllll happy.and I realised my tensions. Thank u. Spotify.	1
I used to love it because I could play my favorite tracks anytime. The ads were annoying yet bearable. However, recently, I haven't been able to even open the app. Whenever I try to open Spotify, it just kicks me out. Currently I'm using an alternative. I might leave a better review next time if this is fixed.	0
Totally unusable since last update. Tried troubleshooting for days now....still getting nothing. Very frustrating Spotify and Samsung Galaxy A20!!	0
Very good app for people of all age group and excellent for senior citizen	1
Amazing collection from old to new	1
I like it. Its easy to use.	1
To many adds and if that couls add the downlode feture for free that would be cool	0
Just a very great app......love it and proudly recommend it too......there are ads but it's ok....np..this app has helped to overcome my sadness and also entertained me in every moment of life...	1
WHY DID YOU REMOVE THE THING WHERE YOU CAN LISTEN TO THE MUSIC A BIT BEFORE PUTTING ON YOUR PLAYLIST	0
Completely different from the web version, good sound quality yet any playlist song Is completely random and you have 6 daily skips, can't get around it by playing single songs too. Overall the app is O.K. but the pc/computer web version is way better than the app.	0
App crashes constantly, the media bar disappears when playing music or podcasts and then I can't pause things, and the sound will randomly turn itself down while listing to music (not related to another notification appearing on the phone). This app is trash	0
It's a super cool app you will get all songs you want Tho it has add but still working amazingly well when you have low range	1
Recently had started stopping randomly when screen is locked. Also the play bar at the bottom disappears a lot of the time so the only way for me to stop a song is to shut down the entire app and start again. Lots of glitches, not great.	0
I totaly recommend you best music app ever its really worth it 😊😊😊😊😊	1
Love this app it makes me feel better when se thing happened.	1
I don't have any issues with this app at all really amazing	1
Good if you have premium without it it's kinda trash	1
The App runs like a**. Every time I reopen it when I want to resume a podcast or song, der player disappears and the pages load for a minute or more. Every other app on my phone works fine.	0
I would say it was great 1yr ago but now it is the equivalent to apple music	0
This is very good AAP . I like this AAP very much . There all type of songs . Thanku so much for this AAP .	1
You need to fix this I can't choose my own music and I have family premium... Fix this please	1
Good sound quality ❤️❤️	1
App works great!!!!	1
Great app and Spotify is the best	1
Best App as it , Provides a wide range of Songs , BGMs and Also supported Background Music , But it will Be better if we can Clip from these songs And listen those clips	1
Podcast video disappears randomly and doesn't show up even after force stopping the app. Terrible UI and I'm using android	0
This is amazing. I really like it💜💜 #spotify💜💜	1
Spotify needs some help after using for a few weeks it previewed only I mean the song stops after 10 secs I tried really hard 😅 but it was broken	0
I keep wanting to use this app for podcast and everytime I get discouraged. This time, I'm listening to podcast fine but I cannot pause it at all. The control to see what I'm playing is not there. Only way to stop it is to force stop it. I'll try again at some point but it's pretty unusable for me. Also, the controls don't translate to my car when I connect over Bluetooth. I'll update when these aren't issues.	0
I love Spotify, especially how it suggests other songs when I'm editing a playlist.	1
why won't it let me in? it's been like this for two days, fix it.	0
Compared to the desktop app, this app is terrible. Bugs everywhere, too many extra "features" being added while the core functionality gets worse. For example regularly the play/stop buttons just simply disappear. Only way to stop the audio is forcing closing the app. This doesn't happen on other audio apps. "Offline mode" doesn't work, you could download something and get on a plane and the file won't play.	0
You can find amazing songs!You can find ur favourite artist	1
Please fix the dozens of bugs. Shocking experience. Now playing bar doesn't appear, podcasts won't play despite being fine on desktop. Had to uninstall and redownload, lost all my downloaded songs and files. I live in a bad signal area so rely on downloads when not on WiFi. For a market leader it's absolutely ridiculous.	0
I searched for a song appeared, when playing it not the song I've searched 👎👎👎	0
It has all the good music i like	1
I love Spotify!!	1
Great songs from this app.	1
I have been experiencing a sudden stop to what am I listening. Several times in the same podcast for example. Also, lately there is an error and I can't see anymore the buttons. I was listening to a playlist, had the music stopped not by me, and had to go back to the same music manually. Or I didn't had the skip the music even visible on my screen.	0
Excellent app. Love the music variety to listen to. Not having app issues.👍👍👍 *(edit) this last update is bad, I need to hear 3 ads before I GET a chance to hear a random song, yeah you heard it right (a random song) because it doesn't let me listen the one I want, if I am lucky I can listen to that song after 6 skips. It shuffles the songs. Total stars goes down to 2 🌟.*	0
App is not opening.. I have installed it several times still the issue isn't fixed..	0
Got some bugs going on. Had to Uninstall cuz the app went into possessed mode.... I was watching a movie when out of no where music started interrupting...	0
I love Spotify!	1
Can't play an individual song, cant choose a specific playlist, wont play songs in order and cant listen offline or in between apps.	0
App frequently clears my queue with no warning, repeats the same song 10+ times, breaks my playlists	0
Love Spotify soo much I love music so that makes sense but I can't afford to have premium so if u want to play whatever song u want without worrying about your skips have Spotify on a tablet or I pad and u can just pick what song u want out of your play list if that makes sense	1
Songs clarity superb, good app to hear all journals of music.	1
It is cool and good songs are there,no ads and no advisement,are there app is excellent.	1
Very nice music experience thanku for Spotify	1
I cant even listen to my own songs, last time you can but now you can't, this app sucks	0
Absolutely horrible every update it's even harder to get the song you want to play I installed it just so I don't have to install songs and I don't want to pay just to listen to the song that I want to :(	0
Spotify is really great. I love the sound quality and the way it creates playlists for you is crazy. I only listen to Spotify songs and it's so AMAZING!!!	1
Free version is garbage! I do not mind an ad every few songs. The free version adds songs to your playlists. Can not skip them. You can not play individual songs, shuffle play only. You can only skip 6 songs per hour. Uninstalled	0
Great app for music	1
I hate this app because of the extra songs part when I listen to my songs songs I don't know pop up and it's irritating	0
More and more if u buy premium and if it's end u more ads	0
Playing meditation music at night - cuts off after 30 seconds. During the day, can drive 8hrs and not have it cut off. Adjusted all the settings so that it has full background access, no luck. Super disappointed.	0
Amazing app always calms my mood after a long streeful day 😊	1
This app gets really annoying when I try open it it never actually opens properly and it takes me an hour just to open it don't recommend	0
Used to be a great app. But now if you're a Samsung Galaxy user there is no more visible player. Which means you can't pause, start, stop, skip or go back a track. It also now crashes regularly. I've been a premium user without these issues for years, but now it is hardly worth the subscription. It would be useful if Spotify could rectify these issues enabling the user to have some sort of listener control. Update: it had been fixed but now the same issue is happening again in July 2022.	0
Why don't you just play ads instead of songs?	0
Worst app, if you want to listen ads thn listen sportify, but if you are interested in songs thn plz find another app	0
Good music app i like it	1
Some time only lag.............	0
Why my spotify error when i want to log out. I have try to uninstall and install it again but this app can't fix. Please help me to fix the app😭😭😭	0
I'm unable to open app. If I go onto the internet I'm able to view my Playlist however I can't click on the app itself to take me there anymore which is frustrating.	0
I dont know whether i am using this app for listening music or listening to adds!! After ever 60 seconds of addd, if i change the 2-3 song quickly, it gives the yt shorts add again withing fur seconds.. it seems like i would have to uninstall this app. Cause its really annoying.	0
The new update is not the best it doesn't let u listen to the music u like	0
The pc spotify version is greater than this version. It doesn't need premium to skip/unshuffle the songs	0
I rate this 1 star bc when I play my favorite song it keeps playing on different song which making me hate this app. Plss fix this	0
When I try to play a song it always shows" this playlist is empty. Go to Home to find playlists just for you. how to resolve this issue?	0
i cant open this app no matter what, its stuck literally and the worst thing is 8 have paid for premium, i have paid and cant use it just because this stupid app just dont responds. i have tried restart, reinstall and everything btw this sucks!	0
It's Spotify. There's nothing bad about it	1
Its a very very good up I can't complain with it but the problem is the ad's I know you can buy premium but it's kinda annoying every 30 minutes to have a 30sec ad maybe do it every hour or something like that	1
App crashes every all the time. And ad plays, it crashes. You switch to another app and comeback to spotify, app crashes. Always have to restart the app.	0
I cant skip songs now, i got only 6 skips per hour. Like what the hell bro? I just want to listen to music normally, not to wait until song end. Im not using this anymore sorry guys	0
After every single song it plays add n they r heavily annoying even after update they haven't realized its annoying to keep such thing they removed the feature 30min ad free after a video add better to see other option	0
It doesn't play the music I like, it doesn't leave my main screen. I just hate it	0
It skips when I don't want it to and it messes with the sound and it keeps playing and pausing when I don't want it to..if this is a bug please fix it.	0
I like how I can play any songs I want, although it can only be 6 skips.	1
I love bts songs sooo much thank for providing this all😇😇	1
Would give higher, but lately the app will not even load.	0
Excellent app....👍 Easy to use..lots of options... enjoying the music so much...	1
Great to listen to music	1
Best music app i have ever used	1
I love spotify, I listen to the podcast and I listen to a ton of music, I have over 2,000 songs saved and I have a premium account and have had one for a while, would recommend Spotify to anyone and I do.	1
Good music listing app	1
I used to LOVE the app but now all my downloaded songs are u downloaded and I had to download them again BUT I can't I tried several times but it just won't download again so I tried downloading other songs abd again no luck! I have premium so I can't say sth about skipping and stuff but I think that since the last hupdate Spotify is just 💩. It's lagging 24/7, and I can't even listen to music offline cuz it just won't play. Please fix those issues Spotify!!	0
This aap is so cool i find any song on this 👍	1
The apps doing really good on my end, although when I exit and play a song when I get back on the song doesn't show on the bottom. I wish we could pin more than 4 playlists on my library. Other than that I still love Spotify<3	1
Mine is not connecting with the internet and i just subscribe to premium my App is crashing	0
Best App ever created in this world 5 star without any doubt.....if u have a doubt then go duck yourself... thanks...	1
Very rare to not find a song I'm looking for.....it happens, but not often. Even obscure music is available, I love that the lyrics are offered with most songs.... I'll never not have Spotify	1
This app has major link and playback issues. I use it on android OS12. Firstly, you cannot play a direct song that is shared to you via social media. When you press the green play button to the bottom right of the song title the app simply ignores it and plays whatever it wants from random artists. If you enter your savedplaylist the same thing happens. This is very biased copyright playback since the specific artists on spotify cannot get there own music played per share. Fix it.	0
I Really Love Spotify But app it's not working please fix it	0
Whenever I start a radio based off a song or artist (which is with the intention to find a NEW artist or NEW music that is related to the song/artist I'm starting the radio off of) it just creates essentially a playlist of music I've been listening to - and not even within the same genre off the song. I've realized that I haven't found any new artists or any new music, and just continuously listen to the same things over and over again which is quite depressing.	0
Along with the wrapped for a year, Spotify should also give the count for the number of ads given per year . Other than the too many ads , it is good for listening to music	0
Exilent sound full HD .. No ads problem.. I love Spotify... Friends download this app without any doubt .. it's my opinion sarojsk	1
Plays songs you don't want to play. (yes premium exists but listening to a song you didn't even click on is crazy)	0
This is the best music platform, I admit to that especially when the user subscribes to it. But certain problems I'm not so happy with is that it doesn't refresh and show recently released hits. I'll have to see them in other apps them download them on Spotify or follow the artist. I'll still give it a complete rating, 'cause the updates lately are good. It'd be satisfactory if I hear an artist dropped a track and I see it quickly on the home page. Please work on this. It'd be acknowledged	1
I was happy with the app because it holds all the artists I like with very few gaps. Until I bought Bluetooth phones and discovered that it constantly stutters audio playback - the only app to do so. There's a very long discussion thread on the Spotify community going back to April 2017 with a multitude of other users who never found a solution. Some resorted to the competition because the company clearly doesn't care. I'm also considering that.	0
Upd: watch your language Spotify and don't command me like that: "Update your payment methods NOW!". I won't update anything if I don't want to. I'm tired that I can't add to blacklist ONE specific track from recommendations/radios. I block it every day and Spotify continues to add it in my auto generated playlists. It's hard to reorder playlist in Android app.	0
I am giving you 2 stars . Songs are definitely cool with good quality but your advertisement are too much long I use YouTube because we can skip in 5 sec but your ads are too long 😑	0
New phone and the player has to be force quit all the time does not work properly.	0
I've been using this app since it come about and have always had premium and in recent years it's just getting worse an worse, what is the need to redownload the same song every day Spotify?! I hardly pick new songs to go into my playlists and every single day the app is downloading said playlist for offline use. then taking extra long to search or even add to que, I never complain about apps but this is by far becoming one of the most unreliable apps for music.	0
I can't listen to what I want, why shuffling songs in an album or playlist against my will ? Damn! Pls fix this..	0
Very good app for streming music	1
I love Spotify,and use it every day, have a subscription, BUT it's glitchy as heck. It restarts in the middle of stuff, I constantly have to check in on why it's stopped. So last night I deleted & reloaded it. Now it won't work at all.	0
They remove all the good song. Stupidify!	0
Download Spotify mod apks instead of real apk...we are here to listen music not ads	0
I love listening song🎧 This app is soooooooooo perfect I am from West Bengal I listen hindi , English, Bengali, arabaic all songs	1
I dont know what's happening because my Spotify won't log in and not opening as well when I'm using my data. I got an error always!	0
Amazing app for songs, It's one of the best I've used of all for music...... there are just too many ads but everything is exceptional and premium was also good.	1
Nice sound quality	1
Awesome app with not just music but valuable podcasts.	1
I've used spotify for years, it works without issue, and there's loads of brilliant user submitted playlists to choose from. There is ads every so often but you can go ad free, if you prefer. Unlike youtube you can close the screen with your music or podcast playing in the background, which is why its my music app of choice.	1
:) would be cool if everyone gets the premium package so everyone can use the account instead of just for 1 person, and with the discount price of a student. Music is life.	1
It is the best music app I have ever seen..	1
Love Spotify music.	1
Hi Spotify devs, I like using Spotify but as of late the app has been unresponsive. I logged out of my Spotify account and since then the app would open but I wouldn't be able to login or access the homepage or anything. The app stays stuck on a screen just showing the Spotify logo. Can someone help me fix this please	0
I accidentally delete the spotify data, yeah that's my fault. But I try to reinstall it and now I just stuck in the logo loading screen	0
Very addective and super play list	1
Its an easier way to listen to music! It's honestly better than listening to music on YouTube. I love this!	1
It's awesome it just sucks that u have to pay for it	1
I've been using for 5 years , it's awesome , it's an app that I use daily, I've been using premium for a long time and I have absolutely no regrets , money well spent .	1
Spotify is also a good application when there is internet and not good when it is offline	1
The pause play bar has gone missing! Please can this be looked at. Perhaps something weird in the last update?	1
I really liked this application and I advise everyone to download it, but the only problem is when I want to listen to songs without the Internet, I can not, but the application is still very good 😍♥️♥️	1
Cuberstalers, cgberbullies, narcissistic hackers BFF. The whole guns don't kill people people kill people Vail to hide behind. It's a good thing your not spinach then you can be recalled.	0
Terrible just wants money.... been paying for premium for a year almost and now that I haven't payed they won't even let me in the app to select what Playlist I'm listening to, just give me 2 options 1) pay em or 2) cancel which I don't wanna do as my dad is in charge of our duo account. TERRIBLE STREAMING SERVICE!!!!	0
I love this app so much I have no problems with it	1
Basic features such as playing things in order are unavailable without paying	0
Wonderful! Keeps me upbeat when I need it	1
After getting the premium my life became to ease up a bit and I thank spotify 🙏🏾	1
It is very good app but it's new update is very very bad I am deleting this app 😈😈😈😈	0
Very irritating. I want to stream music over mobile data and says no internet connection seriously....... Furthermore i am a premium user but still suffer. Please check on that as soon as you can.	0
Spotify is literally the worst platform you could use to listen to podcasts. They insert ads that aren't associated with the podcast makers and it makes podcasts sound disjointed. Premium doesn't even help in that regard. Some podcast episodes are also missing random 20 second snippets of audio, which aren't missing on other platforms so this is on Spotify's end. Most likely some kind of bug related to the aforementioned ads inserted into episodes by Spotify themselves.	0
The app sound is amazing,i using some time	1
Spotify are tha best any music you have all thanks	1
Best app to listen to your favourite music anytime ,anywhere.	1
Auto play random songs. It is non sense frustrating. I have set auto play off and it still skip and plays random stuff. Utter garbage. Good quality in song is not answer to the random song recommendation.	0
Now this aap is vary vary bad I don't like it because any song if I play this is no play🖤🤮💩👎😤😡😠🤬	0
July 6th, 2022. Just came back to Spotify today around 03:37, I'm not amused on how the Audio Devices I'm using currently onto Bluetooth and AUX Cable too, I used to have a quite different experience than a lower mono-audio about now. By the way; the sound was needed to be up around 94% oye. Ad's are fine but gives you 30 minutes of listing to music; But other devices that I use this app isn't the same, I only use shuffle mode.	0
Too much advertisement .. too much disturbing ...	0
Awesome reference to my favorite tunes	1
Full with Entertainment	1
Its good and choice in your hands.....	1
App shuffles my Playlist and took all my skips and plays songs that aren't even on my Playlist	0
Waste app not opening in my tap only Spotify symbol is visible and every time coming ads on TV download Spotify,for party all are fake 😈😈😈😢😤	0
Super audio quality	1
Spotify is wow I love it and I will recommend people to use it	1
I love this app so much I love the music and everything about it. The podcats I really enjoy it's really interesting.	1
Worst app ever. They give songs between ads, I mean how can they even put songs between the ads , it just ruins the joyful exprience of listening to the ads. If they remove the songs I will definitely give them 5 stars.	0
Amazing experience! All the songs and albums, whether local or international, for last 30 years I've been enjoying...are now at my fingertips at the highest quality...thanks to Spotify.	1
This gives me the ability to play any genre of music I choose and I can literally DJ on the go , love it	1
Great app, use it every day	1
The problem is just becoming more unstable Like I used to use this app and other app at same time in past it used to work better but now it's stops on one song only I don't know why it stops And I updated the version again but here again that problem and again when I search for some songs the songs be like something went wrong, no internet connection etc and all Please if this continues I will not put for any premium package more I	0
Just got a full screen ad for sponsored content on premium. That's not you do to paying customers.	0
Every time adda after one song worst app😭	0
Great music app. God bless you all. Christ Jesus loves you.	1
I love this app to listen songs	1
Stops playing every ten minutes +/- I love to listen to my podcasts while driving is during my train commute, but the recent update constantly interrupts playback, so I'll uninstall for now. It's a brilliant app otherwise.	0
Mind blowing app so easy to use and it's amazing 😉❤️	1
The only place where I can get both music and podcasts. Great! I would not live without it. The only reason I do not have premium anymore is that I have got another music streaming service through my phone subscribtion - if I had not, I would definitely still subscribe to Spotify. Edit: have you considered adding ratings to your podcasts/songs? That would be nice.	1
All those months it not work and they have not fix this issue if I play A song it will randomly play a random song please fix this again and the next update ok manager and developer 😤	0
I have installed in my android tv but whenever i play it the tv hangs and there is no problem with the apps even though i update the spotify on time	0
Very good as I have found everything I have looked for	1
This app is trash, needs premium to anything 😤🙄, Can't listen to Any songs I like, always bringing me to Another song, I'm already giving credit on Streaming An Artist and you can't even let me do that!!! 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎	0
This is truely the best music app I have ever used and I've tried a lot of them. I love my music and this app has all the music. From the golden oldies to the latest.	1
It's been glitchy lately and music skips like scratched CD. And today, when I tried opening the app, it stayed at the logo and wouldn't load. I tried uninstall and install again, restarting my phone doesn't work either.	0
The only god thing is that you can share instagram stories with that pretty lyric thing and that's it	0
Crashing and closing all the time	0
Too much ads 🥲🥲🥲	0
Been going downhill for years (the UI to find anything is terrible, sound quality is average and when you download something it favourites it?!) but the way it struggles without an Internet connection is infuriating, it just shows a loading screen all the time, even for albums I've downloaded. I've downloaded them because I'm travelling and I know my connection is going to be bad so why am I staring at a loading screen	0
It's good but Why can I not play the song I want to play. It always plays a different song than I'm picking. And 6 skips per hour? That's stupid	0
Never a boring moment with Spotify,search it you will find it😊	1
Can't open the app anymore	0
Very interesting app for music lovers	1
Fantastic music from top stars always available.	1
Awesome app 👌 no ads	1
Best choice for listening music	1
what does it mean First you say listen 30 minutes of uninterrupted music then after one song you advertise again It would be better if you don't say it that 30 minutes of uninterrupted music	0
The mobile version is absolute thrash I can't even choose the song to play, i can only choose a playlist with full of songs that i don't like.	0
This app is great. It has all of my favorite music in one playlist!!! 🕺	1
The shuffle button isn't on all Playlist. Music stops after 10 secs even after going into the app. Also, I thought if I had the premium duo plan then it would get rid of ads. Why do ads still come up on podcast?? UPDAT: we are now in a July and it's still happening.. remind me why I pay for this sub???? First review was from back in April 2022. Maybe if the music wouldn't keep stopping randomly it would make more sense.	0
What is going on with all the bugs? Spotiy has always been wonderful until the last few months. Bugs, skips, doesn't pop up what im currently listening to, so I can't pause or stop the music without having to close the app. I'm really hoping this gets fixed and I dont have to cancel my subscription ☹️	0
It says ad free music ad free music only in between ads 💥🔪🔪🔪😭	0
Extensive collection with great recommendations!	1
Best free streaming app	1
All I know now is Spotify ✨🤧	1
unusable, songs will not even play and the app crashes constantly	0
Very nice app to listen to your favorite artist	0
App works great. Many features.	1
Now playlist only can be played, but didnt show the list so i cant skip any song i want to hear. Sometimes i want to hear song i like in the playlist multiple time.	0
I love spotify. I can create my own playlists, and just listen for hours.	1
Had Spotify for around 10 years planning on going another 10.	1
Great choices of music and seem to be for Free Speech so you get 5* from me boo	1
Stopps playing playlists after just a few minutes	0
I am fine without needing to pay for music so I get ads but I hate everything else. I should not need to pay to see what songs are in a album Suggested songs should be optional and skips do not reset at all i have not opened spotify in 5 days so HOW DO I HAVE NO SKIPS They have fixed all this so ya use spotify	1
Love it, this app is great for creating playlists and finding the music you love. I also Love the ability to download playlists for when you have no internet.	1
New UI with the play button in the left most just feels weird, please fix it to the standard button layout.	1
Its better to pirate musics than using this... no youtube is better.	0
In first time, this app is disatified for me. I try to creat account but always reply to me something wrong. Free Log in,Log in with facebook, Log in with google account like that show me but can't sing in. What a uselsss app.	0
Im stuck at loading screen	0
I have never been happier with a music provider. i Tuned out after 10 years and literally thousands of dollars. It will take me the rest of my life of ALL available music to make up for it.	1
it literally is stuck on the logo and wont let me play my songs, go to home page or anywhere its just stuck at the logo.	0
This is a grate app for music streaming.	1
Used to like it but now you have to pay for basic fetures. You are forced to listen to random songs even if your trying to listen to one song. Its annoying.	0
The computer version is way better	0
In my opinion spotify beats all of the music apps out there hands down.........	1
Removed features being used by the client base without any notice. Rather go to YouTube music then continue paying Spotify money. Bring back Spotify connect function and I'll take my review back.	0
The Reason for less stars is the ads are becoming irritating. This app used to be having a non interrupting playback for 30 minutes or so if you saw an ad between. But now it have ads after almost every songs. And it used to have an option for checking the song by giving a 10 second or so sample of it before adding the song to a playlist if you add the songs by "Add Songs" option in the playlist. Now it doesn't work. Please bring it back. And Please Allow us to rearrange the songs in a playlist	0
I don't know I if it's just me but every time I play my LIKE songs it will play but later I will play song that I never liked or is interested in 😬😬	0
This app is soo goodd i can listen to fav songs, and im not gonna find or download it in google or anything, i can just find it in spotify🤍🧡🔥	1
Very good I like all music is nice	1
It a good app BUT how can I not pick the songs I want to play and only get 6 SKIPS AN HOUR it's so annoying why can't I pick my own songs. So after 6 skips your stuck listening to songs I don't want to listen to at the moment why can't I pick the song like on every other device	0
I would give this 5 stars but the fact that you cant choose wich songs you want is dumb af.	0
Best music app out. Would recommend buying NYSE: SPOT	1
My Spotify app is showing a ton of music from others countries. I need American music. How do I fix that?	0
Please focus on music not add	0
I have to say this is a great way to listen and enjoy your music 😁😁	1
Easy to use and add songs	1
u love spotify because Jungkook, V and BTS' songs is there.	1
Good for streaming! 👏	1
Ads are good bcs tells abt new songs which are beautiful but smtimes it's is not good bcs u r listening ur fvrt song	1
Good app, however, every time i want to add a specific song to my playlist, it shows me recommend songs rather than the song i want to look at and add. Edit: now, when ever i try to look at a new song or playlist, it gives me infinite adds. Wost music app ever. Uninstall and move to youtube people.	0
I pick a song it will change into random music	0
too much ads. don't tell me to switch to premium. don't have a card for it.	0
Great app when it works. I've tried multiple times to get it to stop playing in the background to no avail. Next option is to just delete it and cancel subscription.	0
App is hot garbage and has been for years. I pay for the service and am plagued by crashes and random stoppages. Persistent notification for playback will break for no reason. Downloads will corrupt and leave you with no offline music.	0
Since June I've been having lots of problems with my podcasts and songs suddenly I'm playing and It stops and I can't press stop the songs, this is really incovenience, please try to fix this ASAP this is really annoying.	0
All good. I've been with them for years . One time couldn't pay my bill on time. And they paid for 2 months. Do I half to say anymore. Thank u. . J bird.	1
Way too many ads. Plays 1 or 2 songs and then multiple ads then does it again. Very annoying when trying to listen to music.	0
I haven't been able to enjoy music on any other app like I am this one (Spotify) and creating an account is completely Free!	1
Very good app.i listen to lots of music on hear	1
worst app,,,, its like a ad hub	0
Make the ads a little shorter and its all good	1
I can't play the music that I want to listen the whole albums starts playing.. please fix that thing up	0
I thought Deezer was bad but Spotify I can't even login, keeps saying you're offline when I'm definitely online. I can't be stressing my brains just to access music, I'm out	0
What the heck is going on with this app? It was great and now it skips and when I open the app to turn off what I'm listening to, the player at the bottom has disappeared and I can't turn it off without closing the app. Restarting the phone and the app only helps temporarily. Reinstalling the app only works temporarily. I have loved Spotify but am considering switching to Amazon Music because of this nonsense.	0
This app is the best way to listen to music	1
Spotify app on PC is great, you can't doubt that. Although the moment you just wanna travel with music on a phone its so horrible, theres this bug possibly where you're locked on shuffle mode. You can't even have fun with music anymore because Spotify does everything possible to make it unfun.	0
The quality of music got worse when i got premium the transitions between songs slowed down and wouldn't load as fast	1
two days ago all songs from playlists i listened to were showed in the history of songs i listened to recently as just songs, i mean there weren’t any playlists and then songs from them, just songs. it confuses searching now, nothing has changed yet. i need answers, i have no idea what’s happening, and it extremely complicates using this app. upd: why can’t i download music lol? what now? nothing changed either.	0
Can't open the app anymore. What the heck is going on?	0
Great tunes and selection	1
Been listening to Spotify for years. Never have been asked to rate it. Got a new phone and it wants to know what I think. If I didn't like it I'd be using another platform.	1
The recent update has rendered this the most annoying app on my phone. Constantly losing the playing bar. Used to work without issues. Huawei p30 Pro	0
I've been usthis for a while and figured they deserved of this reading I've been using this and I've never had no problems with it it's a little expensive but worth it	1
Really love playing spotify	1
Wow... I moved from ios to Android and the lack of care for Android is astonishing. I'm a software engineer and I would have been fired months ago if I released something this buggy and didn't even bother to fix it. This is not acceptable. It's not that it's buggy, it's that there is no care to fix it. Each new release makes the app more and more unstable. Probably priority is ios and Android just gets the crumbs.	0
Best music streaming service I have ever used. UI is simple and sophisticated. Spotify also features many personalization options that makes the app feel like it was built for you.	1
The best ever music app after Google play store, with great quality sound n other effects. Specially the premium plan is so worth it. 👍😉😇	1
Nice listening to wonderful music!	1
Don't use this app, don't give your money to Spotify. Switch to bandcamp and actually support artists and not be force fed platform exclusives daily or be bombarded with ads in your listening. Latest update appears to have completely borked the shuffle function, frequently goes over songs that were playing only minutes before.	0
Spotify is very greedy, as in the free plan it puts shuffle on and it can't be turned off at all, and so many other things like that are added so you have to get premium. Not worth it, get Pandora.	0
Can't listen to music, playlists for ALL are showing empty. Tried Uninstalling, clearing cache, rebooting...nothing has helped. I have a paid subscription and can't use the service. Update: Customer support was quick to address the issue and offered an easy solution to the problem. Thank you.	1
It was nice and I loved to listen to music to drown out the noises or to draw but one day I was off to listen to music but it didn't let me choose music and I thought it was a glitch so I uninstalled the app the reinstalled it back but it still happened please put it to that we can choose the song and not randomize it	0
I pay for my monthly subscription and the same day it quits working. Tried uninstalling,, clearing data, clearing cache, restarting etc. Can't get past initial logo screen. So who's refunding my money????	0
It has alot of songs of any genre, and if you pay the premium then it just gets better and better, 10/10 recommended	1
The February update broke Spotify connect to my car's Bluetooth radio is no longer able to connect to Spotify	0
I can't play any song that I pick, randomly cuts halfway through a song and 6 skips an hour shouldn't be a feature, I have no trouble with this on a console, like PlayStation but this is just generally unusable.	0
You can't even listen to the songs you put on playlist and it keeps on shuffling to the song you doesn't even know and don't want to play. The Spotify sucks now so it deserves 1 star	0
I did love using Spotify! Not anymore since I'm ANNOYED that ALL of my playlists are gone for some reason...	0
I really like it. Easy to use and customize.	1
Great app, always has up to date music and I can generally always find the songs I'm looking for. I hate ad's so it's definitely worth the monthly subscription. I love listening to music while commuting and Spotify helps make the journey less boring.	1
a new updaye and same issue as below. last time I had to contact support to fix it. used to love it. a few weeks ago after an update, I stopped seeing a notification in my pull down menu. The app is also switching to playing on the phone after I turned the car off post Bluetooth. Neither of these were ever an issue, I changed nothing about my phone setup.	0
Right now as soon as I start vacation it is not working, not loading. I've uninstalled, reinstalled, forced stopped, restarted my phone. This is beyond annoying!!! Edit, got a new phone and app still not working!!! Everyone else in my family plan has a working spotify except myself and I am the plan account holder.	0
I'm an artist and Spotify doesn't even let me listen to my own song. It keeps playing other songs that I don't like :))	0
Great music,all the songs l grew up with at the push of a button.	1
We love our Spotify!	1
Excellent perfomence with greatest hearing experience... The sound system 💯	1
The only reason I returned to this God awful app is to watch jre. Although I haven't been able to in over a year because their mobile app is so poorly made I'll end up waiting five minutes for something to load just for it to buffer every twenty seconds without fail. Beyond frustrating to use even without the ads. I couldn't recommend this app any less and I personally believe an honest to God 8-track would be an improvement to whatever the hell Spotify claims to be.	0
Easy to use and very popular so it has a wide selection of music	1
Fix the app! Keeps crushing, plays what ever it wants, doesn't react, if I want to switch it off I need to close it from the background.	0
The sound quality and other features are exceptional.	1
Good music i can find heheh even old music hehe	1
Whenever I open the app and numerous times while using it I get a message that I should turn on Bluetooth. I know Bluetooth is off. I turned it off. There are no Bluetooth devices where I am. It has become so annoying that I am looking for an alternative	0
Spotify is great for listening to albums. And it's cool to be able to make playlists.	1
My app won't even open... I have tried reinstalling it and it still won't work..	0
The app will not open to the log in page	0
FIX SPOTIFY, I have explicit content on, yet it won't let me play the songs, FIX THIS PLEASE.	0
Spotify was great until all of a sudden I logged out for 1 quick second and now I can't load into the app and I'm stuck in the loading screen with the logo for the past 3 days, it'd be 5 stars if this was fixed.	0
Been having this problem recently where I am only stuck on a Spotify logo basically the loading screen where I have to wait before it loads. I've been waiting a lot just to see the damn loading screen for hours. I tried uninstalling and redownloading it but nothing works I tried a lot of ways such as restarting my phone, clearing data and cache, refreshing the app but nothing happens just that damn logo and a black screen surrounding it. I can't believe this. Fix this damn app.	0
Spotify was best in the beggining, you can play any song you like and I believe to be add free, However like 1 month after download when I click a song It doesn't even even play the song I chose. I don't know if this happens with other people on Mobile however it is very annoying click a song only to hear something else.	0
Free spotify tends to get more insidious the more you use it to frustrate you into paying for premium, to the point that it would play 2 songs then 3 ads repeatedly	0
After using over five(5) music 🎵 apps , this is one of many I give a five(5)+🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🔥 In which I enjoy sharing With family and friends. Also , you can creat your Own playlist 🎧🎶🎵🎧 And share .... 🔝#1🎭✨✨👍	1
It doesn't let u choose what music you want to listen to one u press on a play list it goes on shuffle and u can't change that unless u buy premium	0
It just stops playing music and podcast it will work for a song or two or 10 minutes into a podcast then it just stops, play bar is going like you just started the app up, doesn't remember that played a song or where it stopped in song or podcast. Then you have to go back in the app find where you stopped hearing the content. Got full bars, 5G unlimited plan no where near the ramp down limit so it's not that. Pandora and utube music play just fine. Starting to wonder why I pay for this when it	0
I mostly use the app for exclusive podcasts like JRE and appreciate Spotify as company as a whole but the app crashes all the time. Frequently when I go to listen to a podcast the podcast doesn't come up so if it has video I can't see it or skip ahead or go back within the podcast its as if the app doesn't register its playing. If the app was more reliable I would like consider using it for music and upgrade to premium account but the frustration isn't worth it.	0
sptify is a nice app . but it dosent let us enjoy the music. Ads every second and only 5skips a day! its forcing the user to pay. and thats lame .pls let some freedom for the useres so they dont hate this app.	0
Easy to use and provides great suggestions!	1
Found the app easy to use and your options are limitless	1
Last update won't let the app open!!!!	0
My music the way I want it, where I want it... when I want it. Love the Spotify App!	1
Thumbnail is other artists and songs item list of another artist	0
The stupidest app really. You take premium for a week and you can download only 30 songs?! Disgusting. Never spending one more penny on this useless app.	0
I love spotify. It not only has music I like it also has podcasts that fit my interests. And I don't mean sport or anime podcast even though I haven't looked. I'm talking crime, supernatural, or scary type podcasts.	1
Spotify is an awesome music app.	1
Trash app wouldn't even use if Joe Rogan hadn't moved over. Literally randomly just changed podcasts and pauses for no reason all the time.	0
I've been using this app for 4 years,but the new update is getting on my nerves.If you want to listen to a song you can't listen to it first if you even wanted to, instead it puts the songs in a order where you can't choose which one you wanna listen to first. Not only that, but when I tap on a song to listen to it instead of showing the play button it shows other songs and not the one I wanted to listen to. It is also frustrating when I wanna play a song on my playlist.	0
No issue and encountered eversince I installed this app super users friendly and was to link to my car and bt speaker.	1
I love spotify so much.	1
Constantly stopping, regularly not showing playback options and offline mode is spotty at best.	0
Why the hell cant i play my playlist do i need to shuffle it? Stop trying to give me songs that are like the songs in my playlist. Just let me listen to my damn songs its annoying	0
The app has horrendous lag on my Note 10+ yet works fine on my brother's phone, I am fully updated to the newest version I can, and the issue persists. There is something deeply wrong with this app, and it needs to be figured out soon.	0
Many problems with this app. #1 You can’t even play the songs you want. Every time I shuffle play liked songs or my own playlists it just plays songs that aren’t even there. #2 Too much ads. #3 Whenever I search for a song, I have to go through every single playlist that appeared till I find the one I want, sometimes I don’t even find it. #4 You have 6 skips every hour but can’t even play what you want so I just skip to the song I want but then my skips are just wasted. You need to fix this.	0
Really knows how to setup the music, great system 👍	1
This app is so annoying....after the last update all playlist has under go on shuffle mood and you cant disable it without buy a premium...... and you cant change song over 6 time..... this is so disappointing..... I am going to uninstall this app	0
Sometimes it's laggy for me. Crashes often too...(　；∀；)...	1
Since mid May 2022, I can't play anything on Spotify. All of my playlists are either empty or have like 2 songs on them. Even official Spotify playlists are empty. Edited: There's been 4 updates since this post and I still can't listen to any music. I pay for this and I can't use it. The website works but I can't download a playlist there so I have to use my mobile data. I'll be switching to Pandora, I guess. I prefer Spotify but I can't use it! 😡	0
Keeps asking to allow Bluetooth. I have said yes and later and it won't stop every time I open the app. So annoying	0
I will be in the middle of a podcast and it'll change to another episode of a different podcast	0
Even with autoplay off for similar songs, whenever I start playing a playlist it plays songs that are suggested and not from the actual Playlist.	0
I Used to Love This app a Lot.... Many Amazing Songs and everything is so perfect 🙂😇	0
I love spotify to be honest wichall	1
Since I updated the app won't open.	0
I love the app and the premium prices are reasonable. The only problem I have is that it's a bit tedious adding songs to a playlist.	1
I really enjoy this app. The weekly discovery is awesome!	1
The songs are amazing	1
Keeps saying no internet, when set to offline, when stuff I'm trying to play is downloaded stuff? Turn to online with my wi fi same gd thing? Worked great for years now this? Why do i pay for premium?	0
The progress bar issue was fixed and it is the great app it used to be once again	1
Great so far haven't had to deal with advertising yet	1
Just a cash grab at this point, they stopped giving me my 30 minutes of uninterrupted music and I don't know why, I can only skip 6 songs (and it's extremely frustrating when a song I don't know comes on that I didn't put on my playlist) I can't even chose the song I want to listen to and the audio keeps skipping during the songs, just use an adblocker website and listen to music that way guys	0
There was like 1 billion ads and I didn't even get the songs I wanted	0
Not having 30 minutes of commercial listening.	0
Forget this. Im going back to Youtube. At least there i can listen to the songs i want instead of my 30 ad free minutes being recommendeds of what i listened to last week. 10/10 do not recommend this app. Alot of problems built into the app on purpose just to pressure people into buying their premium. Premium in their case being a decent app that just lets you listen to your music which i shoukd get anyway. Total ripoff	0
Whenever I try to play songs it just plays a random song. Unusable.	0
I try to play the song on my Play list and Play songs I didn't add	0
Love this app but kinda silly how you have to pay to listen i mean seriously! I rather listen to my music on YouTube.	0
I started payin for Spotify but is stops playing. I don't know why. Actually i am paying exactly for its playin in background. But it doesn't. Play button disappeared anyway. I can not shut it down. Unbelievable!	0
Plays songs that I didnt even add to my playlist	0
Great app and music 🎶	1
♦️♦️♦️♦️♦️🎴DONT DOWNLOAD Bad app for misic it contains frequently ad 2:1RATIO OF ADS	0
Currently the play bar is disappearing from the bottom of the app constantly. Extremely frustrating and yet marked as resolved according to their website. Will be leaving 1 star review until this is fixed properly because it's a core feature that should never be broken (for an extended period of time at that) in a music app.	0
Great music definitely a great app to have.	1
I love the selection of music. Oldies that I knew my granny loved that I couldn't find elsewhere.	1
Any other Android users having issues with the app? I've read alot of us are experiencing the same issue after updating the app..once it's updated and you try to reopen it stays stuck on the logo....its trying to load up but never does! Extremely frustrating when you can't speak to a human. All Bots when trying to resolve the issue! Back to Pandora I go!😭😭😭💔💔💔	0
I love Spotify!! I have ALWAYS been able to find every song I'm looking for and every podcast too. Paying for premium is 100% worth it. Spotify is THE BEST app and I choose it over all the others out there. Thanks for being amazing Spotify 👍😁.	1
Was terrible, couldn't stand using the app with ads and limited skips... then I got premium. Now, all I ever use is Spotify. No ads, no taking up phone space, and pretty much all the music I listen to. Sometimes I have an itch for a song that isn't available on Spotify, so I just YouTube it and carry on with my day. The only subscription I won't be getting rid of any time soon :D	1
Spotify is great!	1
Too many problems not getting fixed! Anyone that pays should get a free month! 🤬	0
Everything is almost alright. Whenever I play my liked songs shuffled, after couple of my liked songs are played a little after you play song THAT I NEVER LIKED WHY PLAY THEM WHEN I HAVEN'T LIKED THEM. FIX THIS. Not only that every 10 minutes i get an add. Don't hmu with the bs of not bothering you with adds for 30 minutes. THANKS FOR DISABLING MY ACCOUNT AFTER I WROTE THIS, everything was fine before I rated this.	0
Performance is very poor When i search for music and I tap the play button it play different much	0
Great desktop version, free version on app is obviously worse. You get what you (don't) pay for I guess. Appreciate that ads are needed but there seem to be significantly more. That's a minor whinge. The fact the app throws random songs into your playlists is extremely annoying.	0
Changing my review from 1 star for the free version. I just got a student subscription and the app works super fast. I am able to listen to songs in different languages (a lot of them with lyrics). The playlists are also useful as I can discover new songs. Spotify has got to be the best music player in the world right now. :)	1
Spotify was good untill they started the 8 ads in a row deal	0
Very happy, thanks A very good range of fantastic music Kind regards from Ollie from freezing Frankston 3199 Victoria lol	1
I tried logging in but I keep receiving an error message of "offline kindly connect to the internet" which Is very annoying because I'm very sure I'm connected to the internet.Not until I uninstall and reinstall and now I have to redownload my songs.	0
I've been using and paying for Spotify premium since I was in 7th grade. I am now a college sophomore and thinking of cancelling my well-loved subscription because of the constant skipping of songs. I don't know why or when exactly the problem started, but almost every song skips like a bad record and I haven't found a single effective solution. reinstalling, reporting the bug, opening and closing ect ect. I love this app and I would hate to lose it, but this issue is incredibly frustrating.	0
New update is horrible. Not being able to pick which song and my playlist constantly shuffling. I recommend SoundCloud or YouTube Music.	0
Best app in the world for music lovers1♥️	1
App constantly plays the same songs regardless of using shuffle. For example, today while not driving the app is playing all the songs it played yesterday while driving. Sucks.	0
I will never pay for Spotify. It's a scam. Literally every other song is an ad an then when I am able to catch a commercial free period, you guys ruin it. How do you let a 4 minute song go over 6 mins and had I not used one of your skips my whole 30 minutes would have been wasted on 1 song. It's absolutely ridiculous	0
It plays every song I could ever imagine having to think of and it is very useful	1
This is everything I needed thank you spotify	1
Absolutely Stunning! More like they know my soul and give me what i want. 🖤	1
What is up with free Spotify. I get that I'm not going to get the best version of the app but you only have 6 skips. The 6 skips are that bad but pair it with when you play a playlist it just plays random songs that aren't even on your playlist. So you skip those song but then the app is like: "woah slow down instead of skipping try editing your playlist?" And you can't edit your playlist because it's playimg random songs. And when you search noooo it has to play more random songs.	0
Use any other app. Constantly stops playing for no reason. Sometimes stopping after 5 minutes or less.	0
The best app ever they is no song I cannot fine hear toms up ,👍👍👍	1
Loved it, but then the app started getting really buggy and now it thinks there's no Internet access when I can easily connect with other apps. Going to cancel subscription.	0
Its a great app but.. Since the new update spotify is just no💀 you cant even play your fav song over and over why did you removed that in the app idk whos idea to put random songs in your playlist who EVER thought of that is a horrible idea	0
Really great app I got what am paying for couldn't be happier 😊	1
Why pay for premium if there's still going to be ads every 7 minutes? Is there something more I have to do to turn the ads off??	0
Super sound quality	1
The app has been getting more and more buggy and even with a subscription, I get pop-ups advertising in-app podcasts I have no desire to listen to.	0
Every couple of months the app's 'fun' side rears it's ugly head. I'm talking the sound cutting out for no reason till you open the app again, downloaded files that are in the downloads folder not playing till you're back on wifi or turn your data back on and the app not showing on your device that anything is playing when it clearly is. As we speak, Spotify started playing again randomly after cutting out for 10 minutes. Thanks Spotify.	0
Literally can't live without Spotify. By far the superior music experience in my opinion 🤷🏼‍♀️😅	1
Lol. Idk why did I bother to came here. The app doesn't work at all. It just show the logo, no matter how long I try to wait, and that's it. I can't even log in to my account. Tried to uninstall and reinstall for several times but it's just useless.	0
I love the fact that I can listen to whatever kind of music I like!	1
100% satisfied with this app. We can search and hear any songs and make playlist. Love this app👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻	1
Even after paying for premium, it's not getting reflected.	1
This app has changed my music experience. Thanks guys!	1
Constantly has player issues where it'll randomly stop playing and you need to reinstall to fix it. Just use the browser version instead.	0
It really good but entire it was 👎 good because it didn't have the song on everyone time	1
I've been having issues connecting with remote play, my phone doesn't allow me to play songs directly from my favorite/hearted songs. Edit: This has been an issue for almost a year.. half the time I can't play music unless I click the shuffle button, it doesn't let me select individual songs. Not sure what I'm paying for at this rate. Tested on two Pixels and a Moto.. Edit 2: still broken two months later, collectively over a year. should i just give up??	0
Don't like the advertisements so much. Lately they've been getting lengthy with sometimes 5 in a row, which throws a wrench in my workout.	0
Good for nothing this app is. They have to update themselves. If not nother Yahoo.	0
Every songs are here best app like instagram and also BTS songs are here each and every	1
Love Spotify.. My music go to..	1
Very easy to use. Updated gebra of music.	1
This is very good app to listen song and sing with that by reading lyrics.	1
It is alright but as soon as the premium runs out it sucks because if you try to play a song you searched up you just get some other song instead of what you clicked on so basically you have to pay to listen to the music that you want also it now sometimes refuses to give me my six skips per hour because I used it yesterday and today used three skips and it said that I have used my six skips also not to mention it now gives me almost three ads in one ad and the thirty minutes don't work anymore	0
Super super it's all no words Better than these app *gana app *Hangama * Jio savan Great work from Spotify .	1
Poor...30 seconds ads never felt like they last a long time till now. Especially when you're just trying to play music. I get that they need money...but bro...right in the middle of the Playlist? What's the point of listening your favorite song If an ads ruins your mood, hype and vybe just because you don't have premium.	0
This app is a nice app for music and podcast and there are my favourite artist	1
I think it is the worst app ever i have used. This app is showing ads after every 1 or 2 songs which is really a pathetic thing. I don't want to gibe even 1 star also but without it the review won't be posted.	0
i cant open the app : ( tried installing-uninstalling the app multiple times already... still not responding	0
Best app for podcasts ....best suggestion.but the ads are annoying so Spotify make sure you reduce the amount of ads	1
All good 👍. I can change even the cover of my playlists , What else do I need. But there should also be an option to turn off notification of any artist.	1
Love it!!! Nothing else to say that would be better than "love it!!!"	1
After this last update the app won't even open ok my phone, it's just stuck on the loading screen	0
I loved spotify, but the most recent update makes it where I can't pick what song is playing, and it just plays randomly and never plays music on my playlist anymore, if this is the new Spotify, I will be deleting Spotify and use something else, now I also can't see what is even on my playlist anymore, it just has a list and not a playlist	0
Tired of your ads 😑 uninstalling it😑	0
Y'all should add some features that will make the app incredible. One, add a feature that can allow users to play all offline songs. Two, add a supermix. And three, add two tabs on the home page that will say "music" and "podcast" it's time to separate music from podcast. Also, make it easy to download podcast episodes. I want to enjoy a podcast show without any pausing(buffering). Maybe auto download.	0
Annoying. Stop shuffling my music!	0
Awesome because now I can hear my favorite songs	1
Doesn't let me skip recommended songs even when I had skips left	0
smoothly find out all my favourite music	1
The app is not working properly . Dwonloaded songs were shown in llibarary but not play and now dwonloaded songs column is not shown on my library . me also buy the premium for dwonload song Worst app I have ever used	0
Best music app. Ecosystem of this app is very convenient, seamless connection with PlayStation and smart TVs.	1
Failure to launch. Even after multiple unistall and reistall doesn't get passed icon screen. 0/5 stars not Samsung friendly.	0
App always going off lately! Very annoying. I thought I was the only one, but reading reviews here, many facing same issue.	0
Keeps crashing when I open it.	0
So I was using Spotify for the last two years and now am having some issues. Whenever I get a message notification from WhatsApp then notification beep sound continues. No matter what I try the beep sound continues. I don't know whether it's happening because my phone have some bugs or Spotify having some issues. Need an explanation if it's possible.	0
👏 amazing! I often have to restart app to fix glitch but worth it!	1
No mather what i do, it will keep playing. I close and it playes again.. damn stupid app...	0
🪶.... Spotify is the absolute best music and podcast app Ever, I couldn't live without it now... Soooo much better than YouTube the fact one can play a podcast in the background whilst doing other things on my handheld device makes it an absolute cut above the rest & the amount of free quality entertainment is mind blowing..Thank you Spotify xoxo	1
Great app and amazing wide variety of content. Ads are not too loud or frequent in free use. Price of premium is very fair and totally worth it!	1
Why the app always force stop... After few it will stop.	0
I like the app but i hate hattteee when i try to find songs they are shuffled with others songs i dont like and also my playlist	0
Sound quality is very good 🙂😊😊	1
What happened??? I can't pause it anymore. When I play something I don't get any of the buttons showing up on my phone. I can't pause and it won't even show what I'm listening to. I've even had it play right over other apps like books. It's become complete garbage.	0
When I was enter this app it's took more time to loading	0
Why there is no previous feature in my application this also a updated version then why I don't have fix this issue fast................... As soon as possible ............🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬	0
App won't open. Just crashes	0
Blend wins all the stars. I'd give one extra if I could.	1
I love the Spotify service it gives me my choice of any song or album I want to play and I just love it keep up the great work	1
I love the download features, and the wide variety.	1
It's the best app for music	1
Gives me a blank spotify logo on a black screen when i try to log in, and has been "loading" for over 20 minutes. im paying 11.99 a month for this?	0
Super music app high quality misic	1
Need a very very very high connection	0
I used to use YT vanced, it was a good app for BG music then i downloaded this, no doubt this is a good music streaming app but ads after every song?? One ad says that 30 mins interrupted songs and after that song again there is a ad, disappointed	0
7.5.22 App has been glitchy the last few days. Podcasts stop every 10 minutes. No control buttons, can't pause or back up. Normally this is fixed in short order but it's been too long. I mostly like this app. One ask I have is to make autoplay settings separate for podcasts. Depending on where I am when I select an episode, a new one may or may not autoplay at the end. I want autoplay for music but not for podcasts... please and thank you! Also shuffle available from the top of all playlists?	0
I like this app cause i can hear every song	1
The daily mix is the same music every day nothing new. Don't now wy they mix it every day with the same music.	0
It's an absolute cheating against those people who don't buy Spotify Premium... Because there are 3 long nasty ads after each and every song... I'll delete my account if you don't reduce those long ads after every song...	0
One of the best music applications I've used.	1
Spotify's good reputation is well deserved. Their recommendation system is first rate; the user experience is very strong and is regularly improved with updates.	1
It's great to be able to listen to a album of my choice	1
Will pause songs randomly of you don't give the app permission to run 24/7 in thr background without restrictions on android. I do t want it starting or running in the background when I am not using it. It acts like I lost signal when using it if I have it as a sleeping app when not in using it. I canceled my premium membership because of this issue. Why pay for music that skips because you don't want it running all the time when not in use.	0
Completely unusable app. Literally crashes when you attempt to launch it. Don't know why I pay for their service.	0
PODCASTS DO NOT PLAY. I PAY FOR PREMIUM, MUSIC WORKS BUT NOT PODCASTS.	0
Loved spotify and have used premuim, meaning I pay, for years now. HOWEVER, for at least two months now the app has been crashing, randomly pausing my music, and not displaying any banner or display for the active audio. I've been very patient and stuck with an app I have appreciated, but that might change if spotify does not fix these issues soon.	0
I loved this app so much! I used it every day for hours and got premium. But recently my account won't let me play anything, and it changed the entire set up of my library, removing all my playlists. I tried to make another account and it's the same thing! I would be so happy if you could fix it! Because I love this app, I just can't play anything! (Problem solved! Thanks Spotify!)	1
More data it's taking 30 min 400 mb it took	0
One of the great apps for those who are good listeners, interested in music and songs.	1
THIS SUCKS i literally picked eroplanong papel and other songs play like what? Spotify fix this and ill give you a better review its rlly annoying you better do something about this!	0
Too many ads,not playing the correct song that i choose.	0
Love it. Getting all my favorites.	1
Randomly skips my songs, won't let me pick specific songs in my playlist, literally missing basic functions you can find in 99% of other music players if you don't buy premium, they want to make it as mind numbing and painful to use their app as possible so you can give them money for something that others can give you for free! Atleast with youtube I can pick songs from my playlist to play without skipping through my playlist with shuffle.	0
Spotify rocks it, got kicked off YouTube for expressing my first amendment rights of free speech and don't miss communist Marxist YouTube at all, thanks Spotify!!!!	1
I update new update of spotify then I open the app then my library is deleting my library song fix this issue	0
Love creating my own playlists!	1
Happy but I don't need ads it's disturbing me	1
Awesome experience but add is annoying	1
An ad every other song, glitches all the time. Suggested songs are repetative and annoying.	0
Great music, good choice.	1
My Spotify is not opening I am trying from so long but no response please fix this problem as soon as possible whenever I open it the logo of Spotify appears and it doesn't go for for so long I keep waiting that when will it open and when will I be able to enjoy the songs please fix this problem I want to use Spotify I haven't use it from so long	0
I love the diversity of music. Real Caribbean rhythm	1
A complete app for collection if favourite songs	1
Way too many ads	0
I can't live without spotify 💚	1
Full package when it comes to music	1
Love it been using it for a while, the liked song play list is awesome though I massively wish there'd be a 'relaxing' genre tab for sorting if it does that in the future I'll easily give it 10 stars	1
Poor user interface. You have to wait >10s for albums to load even when offline. Why does the app keep trying to connect when in offline mode and phone airplane mode??	0
App is great! They should tell you though that after an update you should restart your phone, you know, just like your computer so your update can take effect!	1
Very buggy lately (July 2022). The app constantly bugs out, loosing the now playing bar and becoming unresponsive. The only way to stop play back is to force stop the app.	0
Way too many ads at this point I listen to more ads than music	0
Nice app all music	1
The app keeps crashing, songs disappear, had to make new accounts cause it wouldn't let me sign in even if I changed the password and now it just won't open. I'm done, peace out!	0
Great music collection	1
Extremely infuriating, I pay for Premium and Spotify wont even let me play the songs in MY playlist without playing a random "recommended" one, and there is no solution for this, and if there is they have done an incredible job of making the UI as confusing, cluttered and unnavigatable as possible. Unsubscribed, am now using a competitor, which is a lot better, for free.	0
Really good, only problem is the advising it does if u don't have Spotify premium, other than that a 5/5	1
App is not working, it won't load... It only shows the Spotify symbol and it won't do nothing	0
Excellent selection of music and user friendly	1
I really like Spotify,Much better than other music apps.	1
No obvious way to close the app. It seems to want to run in the background all the time. Not sure why I would want that feature? Uninstalled.	0
App stopped working on Pixel 6 with latest update. Force closes instantly.	0
It's been a month of waiting, I'm still looking at my screen a logo of Spotify how nice isn't.	0
What happened? Since July 4th the app won't work on my phone. It keeps stopping or shutting off completely and it won't play in the background. I used this app for sleeping and can't. There is also no way to skip or relisten to anything. Please fix! We pay premium and don't want to find another app for music and podcasts.	0
We can pick make our fave playlist	1
Fix the shuffle "always on issue" I'm a paid member and doesn't even give me an option to unselect shuffle anymore. Frustrating doesn't even describe it.	0
I can't open the app it only displays the logo. I tried clearing the data and cache but still doesn't work.	0
It's extremely annoying that I need an internet connection to view my "downloaded" content. That tells me that it isn't truly downloaded. In addition, the app will suddenly show that nothing is downloaded, and content is simply listed in my "episodes." Later, even though I haven't done anything and wasn't near wifi, it will show my content as "downloaded" again. Shouldn't the app actually download my selections to my phone?	0
Makes me fall in love with music again!	1
The play bar usually disapear even though I uninstalled and installed the app several times!! Please fix this.	0
I really love to hear music on spotify 😘😘	1
After this last update, my app keeps opening and crashing. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but to no avail did that work. Such a shame because this would have been a 4 star review. I hope they fix this issue soon	0
Great app to listening to all kinds of music without having to use YT and kill bandwidth	1
I used to really love this app, so I ended up going Premium. However, for a few months now there has been countless problems. Music or podcasts constantly pausing, the bar where you can skip or pause constantly disappearing. I've contacted Spotify and done everything they've asked, but nothing works. I think they need to admit there is a problem with the app that needs fixing.	0
I always find the music that I'm looking for.	1
Best music streaming app for free	1
It's nice I can listen to my music	1
Bangla & Hindi songs collection is so poor! Increase more songs.... 🎧	0
#1 music 🎸and podcast🎙️ application 💥 for when you get the need 👙 for some time out.💡	1
SECURITY ISSUE. The accounta are not secure, avoid signing in with your email service if you cannot avoid using the app. Have been using it for almost a year to discover this. Your login information is NOT secure. Apart from that.. App is not upto the standard. Bells and whistles but no quality. Low quality customer support for a paid service. The audio is very low quality, also the support executives have zero clue about their own product.	0
It's got all the song that I like	1
Its real easy to hear a favourite song i like it	1
Best music app I really enjoy it when I'm depressed or happy .😅 Anything anytime just spotify ❣️ Music is the medicine for everything 💕💞	1
i accidentally pressed log out and now It's stuck at the logo screen. I've uninstalled and intalled it numerous times, cleared the data and cache and yet i still can't totally access the app. please fix this i can't lose my playlists there :(	0
What is this I open the app but the app not start I try all time i check my mobile network, then I use wifi network then I reboot my phone, but the app not start. If the app not work I uninstall the app and i say all don't download the app.	0
So I have the family pack which allows up to 6 devices and when I go to download my play list it says to many devices ( we only use 4) so I log everyone out and still same problem fix it Now or loose a long time subscriber	0
Has lyrics, integrates better with Chromecast than the Google music service - seamlessly changing from computer to phone to tv, even automatically when I put my earbuds in. I am amazed how well this works. 11/10, it's the little things that matter and it's clear the people making this care	1
App won't go to log in screen, just shows splash screen	0
Gave it 3 stars coz it says listen to no add songs for 30 mins and after every song it is showing me an add please correct it or should i find another app ?😑😑😡 I heard about karaoke mode when is it gonna come hmm??	0
Break comes again and again, the mind is bad, that's why I am deleting this app, bad app is bad	0
it won't let me past the opening screen with the logo I tried re Installing, clear data/cache, force stop , restarting device nothing seems to work plus I don't get canvas feature so I'm gonna cancel premium	0
Now it stops when you open another app. Music keep randomly stopping this is on a playlist I have downloaded, also app keeps crashing AGAIN. I cancelled my premium because of the problems before. I can't see me keeping it as not much has changed, always problems	0
I dont listen to music alot but spotify is pretty solid, but im still waiting for that one karaoke feature i saw on tiktok i dont know if thats real or not but ive already updated my spotify so yeah	1
Latest update is rubbish. The app is not even working atm. First on my car ay. Now not on Android phone at all. Trying to reinstall the app. Get you stuff together I pay for a working app. Not this	0
Constamtly randomly pauses, or doesn't let you press play at all. Terrible for a paid for service	0
Worst app I ever seen too much problems. My recommendation please do not download this app..	0
First of all I had to make a new account because it wasn't giving the option for mobile login. Then now when I play a song on shuffle or normally after every skip it reaches the first song I played and it's frustrating seriously	0
The best music app that I have used so far	1
Pls fix the bug i can't open Spotify since yesterday 07/4/2022, pls i can't open Spotify not gonna lie i can't pls help me or fix it, thank you.	0
So far so good, I am loving the app. It makes collecting my Playlists easy	1
Had all my music saved to my sd card yet when Spotify updated I lost everything and it won't let me go back to sd card as it keeps trying to download to the phone. There is no problem with my sd card so I blame Spotify for stressing me out unable to use app now offline	0
Very easy to use, thanks 😊	1
The song which I want to listen is not played.For example I want to play lut gaye from Jubin Nautiyal.Other song is played but not lut gaye.Very sad.	0
For those who are tired of the ads provide by Spotify. Just simply download Spotify from happy mod it's 100% safe and secure and it's exactly the same as the original version you will never get ads and you can also download your favourite songs 👊[thank me later ☺️]	0
New update sucks, I hate the add to queue option when I press on a song. Just play the darn thing	0
I hate it because when I play a song I couldn't hear anything and if I download a song it keeps kicking me out of the app	0
Option of being able to just hide specific recommendation is just gone?!	0
App stuck on load screen, even after multiple uninstalls.	0
Extremely good quality music which gives justice to every music, whether it be jazz, rock, pop, classic etc and also DJ mixes. Very good correspondence	1
Love spotify cause I'm able to make my music list and share it with my friends	1
Welcome to the ad app	0
It keeps randomly pausing podcasts, it's not allowing me to play a searched song, and pause/pause button often dissappears which means I have to close app and start again. And all this using the paid version.	0
If there is power cut and when light comes and you try to play some music it say no network connection	0
Well organised app but reason for 2 stars are 1.) Lots of ads after every 2 songs there's an ad 2.) Connected to wifi with avg speed of 10mbps still there's a network error so I have to close app and open again 2-3 times to try my luck	0
For real bro... 6 skips an hour. Were putting limits on skips now how money hungry can you get	0
Very nice to listen to music	1
Horrible when you click on a song it doesn't play that song it plays a playlist and too make matter worse you can't even play specific songs on a playlist you created	0
Stupid app, borderline greedy. Forces use to use premium, or else you almost couldn't even listen to your album. Why the auto shuffle? No one needed that thing	0
I listen to it when i going to sleep, when im exersizin, and even when im playing games with myself.	1
can't really complain , except that sometimes it just stops playing music... this is honestly very irritating , i'm assuming it does this , because i don't a subscription but all in all , i highly recommend it , good quality music edit : I canceled my subscription 2 months ago because I couldn't deal with the double deductions every month. They still deduct money from my account and they are refusing to refund me my money. If you know what's good for you, you will download Apple Music.	0
It's a good app but the ads are just annoying and I don't know why we get 6 skips per hour like why not just remove the feature and sometimes I'll be in a sad mood and then an ad will come on and will ruin the vibe And and then another add will come on but look it's a very good app but just lower the ads and remove the 6 skips per hour thing please?!?!	0
Since the new update, the "now playing" tab keeps disappearing and I can't even pause or click next track. After a while, the track stops. I have tried uninstall and install it again, but it keeps happening. Pls fix the bug, it's annoying.	0
It helps me calm down and helps me play games longer	1
Great sound tracks.	1
Spotify is really no. 1 music app because I found it everywhere like Windows, MacBook, WebOS TV, Android and many more. I really loved it ♥️ And quality is also 1st class	1
Can listen to all my play lists and more	1
Listen,Spotify is a great app, I've been using it for over 3 years,the people on here say 'it plays random songs not from my playlist' usually that is with a normal subscribtion. I highly recommend getting premium,if I'm not mistaken a family package is around R99pm.It is amazing and I really enjoy Spotify and their music!	1
Lately the app doeasn't show itself and I can't control it like pause or play or close it. Sometimes I restart the phone itself!	0
Just keep stopping for no reason. Have to force close to get it working again. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️	0
This app best from all music apps excellent app forever	1
Queue related things have been bugging for many months. Songs randomly skipping and queue sometimes just wiping itself. Adding songs sometimes deletes other songs from queue. Really annoying as queuing is one of core functions.	0
Back then, this app was good and smooth. I've noticed some upsetting developments in the last several days. When I start opening my Spotify app, all I have seen is the logo. It's crashing and freezing at the same time. I've still thought of trying those Tutorials on youtube, but many of them didn't work. So I'm expecting that this concern of mine will be fixed immediately.	0
Amazing I took of my phone expecting to come off like other apps but it did not I'm impressed if u love playing games while listening to music like me I really say download this app truely amazing	1
Not too long of ads, can play psn and listen to music come from my headset.	1
I absolutely love spotify. I can play any music I want for free	1
Tracks are well organized.	1
It takes forever to load know and ive never had a problem woth it til 2 days ago. I have to exit out of the app and go back in multiple times before it will fully work...	0
Spotify helps me reach out to ebooks, podcasts and all interesting stuff all at once.	0
My Spotify keeps crashing, please work on it.	0
I have a Samsung A20 that recently had a software update and since then the app is completely unusable. My entire library is gone and I have no history so release radar and discover weekly along with other personal playlists are completely gone. I've uninstalled and reinstalled to app several times. I tried going offline o n both mobile and desktop and reconnecting hoping they sync. Logged in and out over and over. I'm annoyed to say the least. UI is version 3.1, android version 11.	0
Pairs with the truck before start 🌄 drives.	1
This app is not open I install 3 times	0
Spotify is the best music app out there!!! Yawl better get with the program people. Get Spotify now and try it for yourself, You'll love it too!!!! Spotify, the app to get!!!	1
Keeps telling me to check my internet connection. Can't play anything	0
This apps is not Good I cant disconnect to monthly subscription 😡	0
It's an awesome app. Really like & enjoy it	1
Getting worse by every update so laggy and even tho i have premium i cant listen music when i dont connected to internet, my whole library wont update and be useable without internet even when i opened offline mode	0
8/10 I don't mind ads but certain ads are annoying	1
The waste app I have seen .30 min per 1 add they will say but 2 songs per one add . The waste and lie app I have seen .	0
Love it #1 in my book. Been a customer for over 4 years	1
The last update broke the app, it stops playing randomly, doesn't show anything currently playing when there is something playing (no bar down the bottom or on the phone's notification Panel). Have tried uninstalling and reinstalling but to no change.	0
Best app for music and new discoveries. The a.i. recommendations to similar artists/albums, is second to none, a must though is membership. But worth every penny if you are a fellow music fan. Would give 100 stars if I could; spotify has re-ignited my passion in listening to good, new (and old) music.	1
It offers good quality and you can also find incredible play lists in this.	1
Used to be my favorite music apps but after log out, i can't open the apps in my phone	0
App constantly crashes and is very buggy	0
When in stress I always switch to Spotify which is a magical magical music app which makes feel more comfortable	1
Best music app out there.	1
I love lessening to Spotify It plays the music that l love ❤️	1
Beautiful sync between computer and mobile	1
Great app with all the music I love!!	1
Can't use the search option anymore. Keeps on saying 'No internet connection' while my internet works just fine. It's getting impossible to use Spotify with all these bugs. Please fix it.	0
I am happy by listening songs with spotify	1
The apps keeps crashing anytime I try to make a Playlist, and even then I can't listen to a single song or podcast because "my internet connection is not responding" or something, it says as I play YouTube videos just fine. Even created Playlist appear to be empty. Every. Single. One. If I try to make a Playlist and it doesn't crash for some damn miracle as much as I add songs the Playlist it stays empty... and I really wanted to use this app, fix it or lose my money.	0
AVOID THIS APP!!! you are better off listening to song on YouTube. I uninstalled it 2 hours after I installed it. You can search for a song but when you try to play it Spotify decides you really should listen to another. I searched for Should Have Been a Cowboy, song not album. I hit the play button and what comes out of my phone? Bubby Shot the Jukebox. Ok, I must have done something wrong so I do it again. I never did get this steaming pile of fecal matter to play it get correct song.	0
Can't even start the app, I have to use spotify lite	0
It worked and now it doesn't at all I pay spotify premium just for it not to work	0
There are the songs which you can't even find in YouTube...One of the best music listening app ever	1
Toooooo many ads....its irritating.an ad between 2 songs...worst uh.. Other than ads u can find all the songs, playlists... I'm gonna uninstall it due to ads 😒	0
spotify is the best app to listen to music!! 🤩🤩 but sometimes i'm always indecisive on the song i should listen to 😹😹	1
This app used to be great but in like the past year it's gotten to where it doesn't load. Even songs that are downloaded won't load if you don't have internet connection. I don't understand why I'm paying such a high fee n can't have my music and podcast	0
Been running into a bunch of bugs recently. The most annoying is that I can't add more than one thing to the queue. If I keep adding, it will just erase the previous addition and I have to restart my phone several times to get it to work. Every now and then the control bar will disappear so I can't pause whatever I'm listening to even if I try from my headphones. Not to mention the random freezing and shutting down that has been more frequent lately. I've reported it before, never heard back	0
I like the feature that has lyrics but it'd be nice to have the option available to cast the lyrics to the same device I'm listening on.	1
I love the songs it has diffrent langigesit. Its... Perslfect	1
The User Experience and UI of the mobile app is awful. Lots of missing features and functions such as sorting playlists are just hidden behind menu's and menu's and it's a very bad experience when compared to the desktop version.	0
not sure what happened but for 2 days now, my mobile spotify app hasn't been working. it's showing my playlists on the home page, but not in my library. whenever i click on a playlist, it shows zero songs, so i can't play music on my phone at all. fix this please!!!!	0
App gets stuck on the logo screen	0
You can find all your music favorites....And still doing it Thanks	1
I really enjoy this app and kindly i be searching songs, that i have never listened for a long long time❤ thanks to this app niether it depletes to much data cost, but thanks😍🤙🏻	1
Easy Interface....Personalised playlists...superb sound quality.	1
Years in and I still love it. Never a problem. So much easier than ANY other app. Love my music and they deliver. Thank you..	1
Plays music but adds are quite annoying. How.many times does it need to tell you to use tide pods because they have less water than liquid detergents. Stupid adds between the songs. Uninstalled after three weeks.	0
5 stars Spotify Your the Goat for fixing it lots of love. Never gonna stop using Spotify my goto music sorce!!! 100/100	1
Good apps i wanna give 5 star but using this app longer and longer the ads come every 2 song after and says 30 min uninterrupted ads but when we play 3 song or more ads come again. Some song are unable to play. Last point when entering playlist it took time but when we turn off our net and enter the playlist it's fast... Wts does it mean?? Plzz fixed it	0
Rarely have I looked for anything - rare, live, obscure...- that I can't find.	1
Very greatful app for song.. And also i request to you please add one feature also to identify any songs.. Especially it is very helpful to identity edited ringtone amd songs... Because i think some people's are knowing nice music and songs through the 1 minute or 30 second edited status video from the whatsapp.. Instagram etc... I hope you try to add a feature to identity musics&songs .. Really iam still enjoying your apps	1
There appears to be more and more bugs happening every day. It's a shame the overall rating doesn't fully capture the current experience using the mobile app. Every issue I'm experiencing I can find in other users ratings.	0
I really love it bcz i love songs to and listening a story horror story, funny story, sad story, romantic story, that u can listen in Spotify you can listen any songs and story and u will enjoy it i promise	1
Since my spotify got premium, my spotify was like possessed by a demon, it changed the song by itself, turns up the volume by itself, and annoys me by opening other pop up screens when I am typing, just like a cellphone screen that gets hit by water. It is not worth it at all.	0
This is a excellent music app to listen to.	1
Ever time I played a song it would ether play a song that won't stop playing unless I restart my phone or it would pause at random times!	0
The moment I paid for premium, the app ain't starting and getting hanged. Wasn't expecting this action from Spotify.	0
The app doesn't load in my phone, but liter version of it does and any other music player	0
In the beginning Spotify was good but now it is the worst I can't skip music when I search for a song it gives me a playlist wih the same name and it doesn't even contain the song I want and songs are not full when I play a song it gives a very very short part of it uh And honestly sound cloud ☁️ is better 😌	0
No replay option!! You can only listen to music once!! Cheap app	0
I stopped subscribing because you had podcaster that ia an anti vaxxer spreading disinformation. If he is gone , I will come back.	0
It's a pretty good app but i hate the update.	0
Definitely the best. Recommended for many more music lovers.	1
Love this app. Whatever mood I am in, Spotify can satisfy my music craving. I just wish I knew how to stop my notifications from interrupting my songs.	1
Loving Spotify since 2015	1
You're always updating. Stop. Get it to where it works and don't touch it. Every time you guys update the are problems... or maybe, I don't know, DO IT RIGHT. App is stopping again for no reason. And no, I don't want to uninstall and download all my music again.	0
The volume of music when using earphones is low but when the ads pop it will blow my ears and it has 2-3 ads in a row what waste of time I could just open my youtube app.	0
This app doesn't let your critique anything; whether it be like racist or single minded podcasts like behind the bastards or necronomipod. I find it quite humorous that such a large business could be so reckless when so many of their podcast creators destroy lives without little to any evidence.	0
I can still access my playlists and play songs on the web browser, but through the mobile app, i cannot	0
Usually I use use spotify daily but recently there's been a glitch and it just shows the logo when I open it and it doesn't work. I've tried doing things to my device to try and help it but nothings working.	0
I enjoy a mix of music with limited adds	1
For some reason still no access to lyrics unless I make a new account, which makes zero sense...	1
Jesus this is frustrating. Even though I force close this app several times, it immediately opens in my car and I can't get it to not connect. It is ridiculously frustrating. Borderline useless. I hope the engineers that worked on this get diarrhea and a cough for a week.	0
I like it but the new update is trash and is makes me want to get rid of it please fix it	0
I mean I used to love spotify but now it literally plays an ad after every song. Not only this but it constantly exits the app and stops playing a song for no reason. It also skips songs on its own. It also plays those ads that supposedly gives you 30mins of ad free music if I watch it and when I do watch it, it starts playing ad after ad and it's annoying. I get you need to pay artists but the amount of ads played is ridiculous. Had to move to Apple music, can't use spotify no more.	0
Come on, its spotify, its the best music app out there	1
Excellent listening experience. You can listen to music with the screen off.	1
Like the plaY lists they set up for me based on the music I like.	1
It's too good. All the songs I can ask for are available at one platform. I am loving it.	1
Easy to use easy to enjoy with my devices!	1
Spotify suddenly logged out my acc out of nowhere and they wouldn't let me log in. It always says, "SOMETHING WENT WRONG, TRY TO USE YOUR EMIAL INSTEAD" but whenever I try to use my email, it always says "THERE'S NO USER FOUND IN THIS EMAIL" It's frustrating!!!! I just want my acc back???!?!?!???	0
It's a good app but when I tried to play my own playlist I made it just starts playing random songs that I don't even like Spotify if you can make it an option to make it were the only songs in there are the ones we pick and not some random songs	0
Spotify is one of the best choices for music that I can think of. I had premium for a year and that was really great cause I was able to make-up some fantastic playlists. And they don't erase them when you go back to free.	1
Love it lots of great music choices	1
I'm not able to open Spotify	0
Definitely a great music an podcast app. Easy to navigate thru the app.	1
I absolutely love Spotify!!!	1
I hate how it adds more songs to a single song and you just wanted to listen to that one song and it adds songs to your playlists too.Also why can't you remove songs?	0
Love this app. Wish I could work for Spotify, bet it's a real blast. 😜 The only issue I have is the ads. Can't afford to go premium just yet !	1
Bro when I connect my Alex to my phone click on a song it just doesn't play that song even when I am not connected to my Alex very bad aap	0
Used to be Great but now is not. When apps misfunctions one must delete all content to reset. No customer support exists-- just advice from other users. So to get the value of my Premium Subscription I must uninstall to re-install dumping my 1k song library 😞😓😩 07/22 no change. Review remains valid	0
Please if you would provide us with a video player It would be fantastic	1
Great music love this app	1
5 stars, for the most of the times. Car mode could improve. Some songs are not there, but all in all... It rocks 😊	1
Need to add option to redeem spotify card from app itself .currently I only see a credit card and paypal options .guess you guys dont seems to care .please add that option to the app or me personally I'm done .it shouldn't be hard to add that option to the app.	0
Constantly crashes on my pixel 6. Has so many bugs where it plays music but I can't pause or stop it.	0
I love this app, it gives the listener a high quality of sound and it has great catalogue of music which caters for everyone's tastes. The plus with Spotify Pro you get the added bonus of no ads and get to download whatever song or album you like. Spotify also grows with you, it keeps track of all your music likes and Spotify gives you a more tailor-made experience. 10/10 ' love it.'	1
Now ads bad app	0
Why doesn't it want to show the songs	1
Great can use a little work	1
Nothing else needs to be said... Finding artist I am looking for!	1
Great music selection easy interaction with app. Overall amazing expetience and premium with no ads...just great!	1
It's an Amazing app it's the only music app I use other than youtube. The only thing is sometimes the ad that gives you 30 mins uninterrupted listening bugs, But it's no big deal	1
Has anybody experienced the Mike Rowe's podcast freezing and not playing at all?.	1
Reliable and loaded with the music I like	1
Excellent choices and variety, a go to for any music enthusiasts	1
Even without premium I can still enjoy my music, it's a very very nice and enjoyable app.	1
I still have Spotify, and the songs are great, but the reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because there wasn't very many ads before, and now there are SEVERAL. I get the same ads over and over and over. I'm sick of it! AND NOW Spotify had decided to give me THE EXACT SAME AD TWICE IN A ROW. Like, seriously?! I don't want Premium. I'm not paying $15.00 for that bullsh*t. Fix. This. NOW. I'm literally currently trying to find a different app to listen to music on, but so far nothing good. FIX IT! 😠	0
Wonderful music...all my favorites that I haven't heard in years	1
Very comprehensive catalogue of music. The one thing that would improve the experience would be the ability to "insert" songs into playlists at a specific point rather than having to delete/remove songs and start again.	1
No CD quality yet!	0
Brilliant in every way. 11/10	1
Spotify is currently useless, I can't pay for premium anymore. Its like they don't want my money anymore	0
This app is ok but there is some issues about it.(1) if I was having my music on shuffle it would start playing random country songs that is not even on my playlist. (2) i cant even play my songs in order the way I want if I do then I would only give like 15 seconds of listening the song so it have to be on shuffle. (3) it sucks.	0
Great music on Spotify,would recommend.	1
this app used to be good,but now you have to buy some random thing to listen to the song you want to listen to,,please change it back to be free	0
Look they asked nicely and I decided to rate it 5 stars it's really good	1
In the 70's you had to flip the LP after every 5 songs! Then 80's CD's were... eject and insert the next CD. We've come along way baby!	1
Good Quality Sound best online ..but thank you Spotify by free share with friend....	1
I love Spotify I get all the music I enjoy and even more I may have forgotten about in one place.	1
I used to love this app, I was happy with the certain skips a hour but now three adverts before one song and worst part is, it is not even music from my playlist being played. I have certain playlists for each activity I'm doing or who ever is using my account and I don't like how when listening to my playlist, songs that aren't added start playing.	0
Absolutely ultimate music customized just for you. 15 year member	1
Pls help me :( I installed app but it doesn't work, actually it stuck on the first page ( the first page which includes the green circle)	0
Good music and i love this app	1
Best Music Streaming App On Play store	1
Best choice of music.	1
It was great but now on this new phone the app doesn't pop-up on the lock screen or the notification panel it doesn't show a preview of the current song	0
Device limit reach reached. Unable to download songs, no option to remove other devices, zero transparency on device count, 'sign out everywhere' does nothing and I have reached out to support. Spotify is awesome but this sucks. Show me my devices or let me remove them. Don't count old devices that have been offline for a year or more. Spotify apparently wants to burn money having this handled by their tech support department instead of providing an easy method for end-users.	0
Love it,opens so many doors WOW!!	1
Because of so much ads	0
Free awesome at least with ads it is free	1
Awesome, thank you so much for the service.	1
The only music streaming app i use. 5/5	1
I love this app! Great selection, great variety and very few advertisements. WOW I just can't say enough good things without being corny! !;-)	1
Probably the best music streaming app I ever used till now. It has so many features like - 1. You can make blends with your friends. Spotify can create a blend for 10 people ( that's a lot ) 2. To be honest, the ads are never too much, unlike some other apps where you get an ad after every 1 song. 3. It can play music in the background. 4. It also automatically starts a song if the song which you chose to play is done playing. Conclusion : I highly recommend this app	1
Amazing music app 👌🏻👌🏻💕	1
Overall good app but to many ads	1
In love they make music for all the crazy music I listen to they learned I have a happy mix and depressed mix and more that helps so much.. I totally recommend this app for everyone	1
It's okay, not great, not terrible, very okay, a bit janky on Android, sometimes stops working when I lock my screen, or just stops playing. Bit dissapointing for a paid service. The general UI experience is also weak, it'd be cool for a free app made by some stoner kids, but not a premium paid-for music service. Also no Raspberry Pi OS (ARM64 support is really REALLY quite lame.)	0
I use it daily. I don't catch any problems.	1
If you want to listen to it and but it gives you 30 minutes of free listening and it will give you six skips just skip this song per hour and go to use them wisely but again a very good app	1
The worst app I've ever been used . It's had show often same ads and after your mobile network issue the app doesn't support to play a single song.. That's why im1 uninstalling this worst app ...	0
Very intrusive app that don't respect privacy.	0
How about giving the option to listen to elevator music until the darn app open? Takes more than a minute to load up, really? It is truly the buggies app on my phone!	0
Not good after recent update. I can't see what song is playing and it pauses at every notification I get	0
Does this app just shut itself off when an update is available idk but it's getting annoying that i have to come back every 2minutes to hit play again!	0
This app service Very fast all song avaliable here Good works Spotify 💟💟💟💯💯💯💥💥❣️❣️	1
Updates always break the app stop updating so often	0
Fix the app. It keeps stopping and won't show on the notification bar.	0
More commercials than music, this is no longer a music app...it's an add app! Your own greed will ruin you.	0
App not working properly after latest update. No panel at bottom of screen to set sleep timer, and will stop playing after 5 minutes. Before this update I would use it every day, but just frustrating now, won't be using until fixed.	0
Very awesome app very easy to use	1
I like their music without ads on their premium and I like their choices and my choices and it's enjoyable why I cook because I cook for a living and it's stress relieving and the music really helps	1
Premium user here and can't use the app. It keeps on crashing the plsy/pause bar dissappears I can't play podcasts for longer than 5 minutes. I can't move around my playlists. This has been going on for weeks now. I want my money back.	0
Can't see the bar to skip 15 seconds etc at the bottom of the app or when the app is closed.	0
Just got the s22 ultra, and after opening the app, it just shows the logo and doesn't do anything else. I haven't even logged in to my account	0
Just few words "the best"	1
I am getting sick of you guys changing what I am listening to when I press to play my liked playlist and you keep starting to play songs that are not on my liked playlist. I purposely choose to play my liked songs for a reason so stop changing it to play something that is not in my liked playlist. 😡 If I wanted to play random stuff I would say play suggested music but I don't hardly ever do that I just want the music I want to hear which is in my light playlist so stop messing with it. 😡	0
Love that I can pick my own music genre and make my own Playlist.	1
I love being able to close out the app and open other apps and still listen to music	1
Love it... Always have all the music (artists, albums anything u desire) for any type of mood/situation....	1
After the last update i dont have controls on pausing or seeing whats playing. It just plays and the only way of stopping is to force close the app. Samsung user	0
The first few days it was a great app where I could listen to music freely, but now I have six skips an hour! And when I go on my playlist it says THEY ADDED STUFF ON MY PLAYLIST! That's my playlist! How are you gonna add songs that I don't even like! The songs that you add are not why I made the playlist! You're just ruining it, I'm going to a diffrent app. This one is just a waste of time, and money for people who use Spotify premium	0
This app is terrible if you want to be able to play your own songs that you own. If you want to radio that you cannot control in any way shape or form it's fine if you want a pod catcher great if you want to be able to actually play your music that you own it gives you a middle finger	0
Any music or podcasts anytime anywhere!	1
Very nice app for music	1
Awesome to hear music for free☺😘	1
I love it! I wish I have money to get the premium hahaha! But Spotify is the best music app for me!♡	1
Great variety of music.	1
I LOVE SPOTIFY.. In my opinion Spotify is the BEST music app out there, change my mind. YOU CAN'T!!!	1
My playlits are all empty but on my ipad they are all there help me plss	0
Very interesting. Easily connect me with my old time music	1
Update.Syncing issue sorted. 5 stars Love this app but gave 3 stars as it hasn't been syncing with my Alexa or Google devices	1
Love it. I use this app every day. If finding radio was easy that would be super.	1
It was working fine for many months but nowadays I am facing frequent crashes.sometimes the app doesn't work at aal.	0
I love the app. I wish we could edit better without premium, because some people cannot buy that, but it doesn't take away from the oppertunities overall. That is, if you can be patient.	1
What a sad excuse to make me pay for subscription. This app is horrifically hard to use. It's like telling a 2 year old how to do things. You tell the app to play this song, but except it plays something completely different all because "you didn't pay the subscription."	0
Previous issue got fixed, but now it plays a song, but doesn't change interface, so you can pause skip and so on...	0
Very very bad experience it only allows us to hear a particular song repeatedly....only when we have a playlist we could hear our favrt song rather than that it plays the same repeated song and from some particular movie ....it makes me very irritating while hearing the same set of song again again	0
All i can play are playlist	0
I've noticed they use fake artist names on songs they got off of epidemic sound, not cool, they also have record labels using bots to Inflate artists views...	0
I love the way they go straight into the next song like it's being done by a dj	1
I have 3 Galaxy devices and it's the same over a of them. Stops playing constantly; probably about 10 times in a podcast. Randomly skips songs after the first 30 seconds. Have to reboot ap just to do it all over! Thought it was maybe my phone, but the ap is the same across all devices of mine and same complaints from my sister. I've had buggy aps, but I can say this is the least stable app that I have ever used.	0
Best apps and good idea for the first time	1
Spotify the service is great for listening to music but their apps both for mobile and desktop are the absolute worst. I'm honestly thinking about switching to a different service just because of how absolutely terrible their apps are. They're always crashing or freezing and I need to keep restarting. Absolute nightmare.	0
Better than YouTube having a great meeting better than YouTube	1
I Love Spotify🙂 they have every song in the world, love graphics and lyric option	1
App constantly crashes and now playing screen to pause no longer appears. FIX YOUR APP. This still continues despite the app being up to date. It's been months how is this still not fixed	0
There are too many prblm with the quality of song as of changing quality to very high but still unsatisfied 101% much apk is resso I suggest to continue with resso	0
This app is amazing. I like that they provide us new songs even though we are not premium members except the ads. Ads are not that frustrating. It comes every 30 mins which is very good. At last I would like to recommend this app for everyone👍👍	1
Hi since it is the 4th of July can u give all free users a 1 month premium plan because it is the 4th of July and I think it would be very generous of you guys to do that for the month of July!	1
I love this music and podcast app	1
Great job...now we can distribute our misic easy	1
Super duper app.. amazing songs even u have gujarati songs and bhajans too ...that ur competative app doesn't have.. thanks	1
Since last update, podcasts stop literally every 10 minutes and the display screen is gone so you can't skip forward or back, view queue, add to queue. It's currently unusable.	0
hi my spotify is not working today, i tried everything to reinstall it, clear cache, data, restart my phone, it won't work, it only shows up the logo and not responding please fix it thanku:((	0
I detest this app. It never works properly, I can't cast to Chromecast devices reliably, it auto plays randomly on other devices. I'm so close to just deleting the app and going with another service.	0
Sometimes Even I'm in online I can't search a song. The app says that I'm not in online 🤷‍♂️	0
Just like how easy it is to use	1
Sound quality is very good, if iam not using app then show adds no issue, but why r u showing adds to take premium, i will never take premium.	0
Nice app song selection is gud	1
Spotify is the best app ever you should try it It doesn't disappoint	1
Can I subscribe to premium via Google play? Cannot find the options beside Visa and PayPal.	0
I just noticed that people can listen to songs with no ads for free with a glitch and I'm here paying premium.	0
great music user friendly	1
Excellent platform for discovering new music, and I've had nothing but good experiences with their support.	1
I have been using this for a few years now, saves time and gets me everything and more of what I'd like to hear. Two thumbs up for this app.	1
EDIT: Changing my review from 5 star to 2 star. There are Tons of fake BOT playlists on Spotify and there is no way to report them. One of my Heavy metal tracks got randomly added to an EDM playlist despite not pitching there. EXTREMELY FISHY. Probably trying to tempt me into purchasing streams after I saw the amount of increase in streams. But it just hurts an Artists credibility. Spotify needs to allow us to report fake playlists. This drama of buying streams needs to end	0
Really great had a good time having a good timereally enjoyed it	1
I can't figure out what email I am logged in under. It will not allow me to cancel my premium subscription. I'm going to cry. Fix your app.	0
The new background share to story ig it's not beautiful , I want traditional.	0
Awesome app.. u will get any songs from this app which u will like	1
Diverse music selection at your fingertips.	1
One of the best apps for listening to music.	1
Starts song radio randomly when listening to liked music, like its not necessary to do that, especially when im expecting a song to play next and then some random song comes on	0
I put on Whitney Houston and Spotify made me the best play list I ever heard. I listened to it over and over!!!!	1
Absolutely amazing app ,never once disappointed me in the last 3 years	1
Great music anything I want to hear it's on	1
Really good app. But I feel bad for aritists	1
Having a LOT of issues with the app just stopping all if a sudden. This has been since I made a family account.	0
Your app performance has fallen apart in the last few weeks. Regularly it forces me into offline mode now and doesn't have my full downloaded library despite being connected to working wifi. Regularly it fails mid song as well now. Sharing music is also not working across the board now. Previously everything worked and now it doesn't work well.	0
Im very entertaint with the variety Spotify provides! From amazing music to talk shows & up to date back stories....I'm very pleased I love that there is something for everyone to like & I will always be a loyal member.	1
STOP CHANGING MY LAYOUT. This time, I can't even play the songs. I love Spotify, but I'm almost giving up. These changes of layout are horrible, please stop.	0
Easy app for seniors	1
I love this app. I special open the for the rating because this app is hits your choice. Superb 👍😊😊😊❤️🥰	1
So much better than the previous music apps I've used. Offer more free music and other options that I've always wished for in a music app. Thank you!	1
I love Spotify I downloaded it when I was twelve years old and I was questioning it at first asking my self if I had a good choice. And now all I basically do is listen to Spotify.	1
It has so much music, great variety, and I use it all the time. I love Spotify, its awesome!	1
It says "no internet connection available" when connected via wifi (not happening with 4g), which is very annoying because some of the content won't even try to load. However, internet connection is available.	0
No way to turn Spotify off. 😕 Had to uninstall it to get it to stop. Pausing it doesn't shut it off.	0
Latest update automatically plays music upon opening the app when connected to a Bluetooth device??? EXTREMELY annoying, PLEASE allow an option to disable :(	0
ITS AMAZING I love how i can do whatever I want with my music!! I am speechless! ❤️❤️❤️	1
Good. It just need better sound quality	1
Enjoy listening to the songs I love. Each time I search for songs to listen to, I find "new" songs (oldies, but goodies) to add to my collection. And the ads are short and tolerable.	1
Love the free premium although only temporary	1
All of a sudden it will no longer connects via bluetooth in any car. I have tried other apps as well as phone's and it appears to only be spotify that doesn't play.	0
Really great experience. Everyone should try it. Though you need load or wifi still worth it. You can download it offline.. and the most finest thing I've wanted is that they have sleep timer so i don't have to worry about ongoing music playing ❤️ for premium well it's still fine, it's your choice. Thank you!	1
Good selection of music and works with all my devices	1
I like this . Spotify is vary good app 🌝🌝🌝	1
Since i do ay monthly please stop with the offers and adverts. All is good besides.	1
Glad to have good music selecting your own preference..	1
Amazing. Very good music 🎵🎶.	1
Why i cn Not open my acc in spotify i cnnot log in plss fix this	0
This app is so annoying! Everytime I tell it to play a playlist it just plays different songs I don't want and you can't even turn off the recommended songs thing! Please fix this because this is impossible and annoying to use because it doesnt play your playlists and adds songs to every playlist you make which is annoying! Please fix this!!	0
Amazing quality, with all my favourite music.	1
Excellent includes lyrics I am hook goodbye iTunes there's a new sheriff in town..	1
The best music app I have used so far..	1
Brill and a pleasure to listen too	1
Satisfying - because good music in good quality relieves moodiness and exudes happiness. So why not Spotify!	1
Brilliant music streaming app. No complaints from me. Awesome way to even discover new music.	1
Best app for music.. periot	1
Best music app so far. Recommendation system became very smart. 👍 Using premium subscription now, to support them.	1
Don't give tooo much ads	1
I always use this app... I mean I can't do any work without music!! I love this app..	1
Pretty good! But I'd like it better if they had more songs. There are some original songs which I cant find here. Still I use it a lot and love it nonetheless 😌	1
Unusable without premium	0
Every song I click on to play, it plays something entirely different. Why create a music streaming device that doesn't work? I miss the days of iTunes and iPods 😭	0
Found it easy to use , great music selection brilliant 👍	1
I used to love this app a lot... Many amazing songs and everything was so perfect... But now it's just like hell. It is reshuffling my songs by its own, adding songs which I don't even listen. I've searched a song almost 20 times and every time it plays different song... Please fix it immediately	0
Good songs quality	1
Fabulous except for ads😅	1
I don't like the new update, I was using spotify cause it was legal to listening music without using youtube, but since the newest update, I can't choose songs it was random and I need to listen till the end, I could skip but there was a limit to do that. Please bring back the old spotify	0
This app was a huge hit and improved a lot. But personally, with each update this game makes me wanna cry. What's even 6 skips per hour? I'm not even gonna talk about the ads... This app just turned out to be a big disappointmen. Honestly at this point it's even better to pay for YouTube music premium	0
Used to be 5 but now 1 star since recent update. Player stops randomly, doesn't show playing, can't start or stop, no controls need to shut the app constantly. Fixed by delete and redownload but then a few days later back to the same. Utter shite. Please give me the old version back.	0
Ok, the latest update is just horrible, there is a limitation of the number of skips i can do per hour, and i can only play my playlist with shuffle, now my hardwork of making the order of the songs are just ruined, don't download this, plus you need to hear all the other parts of the song just to listen to the chorus, just... Don't download this, you're wasting your time, i don't knwo if they will change this tho	0
I can't choose the song that i want to play, Can you fix this ?	0
I Love Spotify premium Quality music app 😍🤗😘 Thanks	1
It stays on a black screen when i try to open it Please fix it	0
I love spotify with how much songs there have and even new artists i like it where u can listen to a song while doing something on a another appp	1
My Spotify was before working properly but idk wht juz happened it's isn't opening...please do something	0
Spotify... I love you but i swear to God you dont respond to complains My playlist wont show up for no reason Fix it PLEASE i bet you	0
I like this app It makes me relax listening to music.	1
It has some nuisances but it's alright	1
Its an ok app but it sucks bc they add stuff i never want to listen to and I never hear the stuff I liked	0
Very happy with Spotify as I can find some of the more obscure songs that I like	1
Huge collection and clear music is appreciated.	1
Ever since the June 2022 update controls no longer work. The only way to pause or stop spotify is to close the app. Media controls indicate no media is playing when audio is playing.	0
I love to listen to music !!!! And so do I love this app	1
Lovely App. User friendly. Excellent database. Full marks!	1
i don't like the update of spotify, when i log in and i gonna play a song it didn't play, the playlist i made is gone and the artists i follow. i wait but didn't work this is so bad.	0
This app is my most favourite to listen to songs but some songs are hard to find but I still find them I really love it and the opinions to like the video or save it is very helpful especially if I love that song very much and want to listen to it 24/7 Thank you creator for making this app😄	1
Wonderful music downloader app doesn't have any adds and enjoyable	1
You have to work on the UI also music suggestions are weak and not showing the new releases.	0
The best app for listening to music. This app even gives you the right lyrics of that songs. We can put any music at any time.	1
It has great music and I like it 👍☺️👍👍😀😀😀😀😀congrats to the programer or programers 🎉🎈🎈🎉✔️	1
Ads, ads everywhere, I understand an ad every three songs, but not three ads for every song, since yesterday that's what I get constanta both on mobile and pc, is this a bug or what?	0
Its very discusting tumse achaa toh ganna hai salee spotify net is on tabh bhi no connetion dikha rha hai guys i suggest you download ganna app not Spotify	0
They are giving too much of ads	0
Wide variety of so much music available. Thanks a lot.	1
App keeps turning off since the last update	0
music list Spr Sound quality Good Device Connected Like it And Play Music 🎶 Good feeling	1
This app's updates are increasingly making it worse! The songs are very good even without the Premium version, but it makes it so that you will need to purchase it! Advertisements after a song ends once in a while is not that bad, but the main issue for me is the playlist customization. I can't rearrange songs, the playlist is always shuffled and sometimes it even plays songs that aren't even in the playlist for no reason! You can't even replay a song and it has a limit on skipping songs!	0
Too many bugs, also I can't get the Spotify widget to stay on after a locked screen. I must unlock the screen, go into the app then change the song, pause etc... not worth the premium family membership fees. I have been a loyal customer for many years, now I think I'll change to another service or way to play music in my car unless it's fixed asap! STILL NO HELP REGARDING THIS ISSUE....	0
Great app for great music. 💯	1
Every week, the app logs me out and I have to delete it and reinstall.	0
Absolutely badass, way better than apple music	1
I encountered the same problem with one of the reviews. I cannot access the app. It only shows the logo and wouldn't respond afterwards.	0
Hands down the best music app	1
Brilliant and very Enjoyable everyday 😀	1
I enjoyed this app so much but if can be offline it can be more fun and every think is very easy to do I love this app so much	1
Way to many ads so get ready to cough up your clean lung to get ads free. audio quality is not original and stupidly compressed but Hey those Ads freakin CRISP!!!!	0
Easy to navigate way tyriuggt the app	1
Good but it's annoying that you need to listen to entire songs so you can cache them when you are offline. Great app though 👍	1
This app is horrible you pick a song and it just make me listen to another song that I barely know probably it's cuz I use the the free kind but still it's horrible 😱. It just make me mad😠😤😡. Rating:3/10 ps. Listen to songs, play podcasts, create playlist and discover music you'll love more like music you hate😡	0
Great app, van listern to music without wifi!!!!	1
This app forces premium. I can live with ads and random shuffle, but now Spotify doesn't want to play my playlists I made anymore and spamms premium on me. It's very obnoxious and I can't recommend this app to anyone. I would pay if it was not this forced.. Currently a lot of bugs too.	0
I've been using Spotify for a few years now, we've a family membership. It's great, I rarely find that they don't have a song/tune I'm after. I have my favourites, and every now and then I go through their suggested listening and sometimes find a new favourite. When I visit my Dad it's on with Spotify and we're filling the house with some oldies, such as Bert Kaempfert and James Last 😀	1
Can u remove the shaffle that we can pick songs if we connect to a device or we play on our phones	1
Previously was good. Recent times (a year - last months) various technical problems that continue. Audio stops playing randomly. You can also suddenly lose the control buttons of currently playing audio (you lose whole player view; audio controls and info what is playing and progress bar) and have to shutdown and restart the app to hope to get controls back etc. Now I noticed problems with skip buttons. Everything might work ok for a while, then problems continue.	0
Play bar/controls keep disappearing and I keep having to force stop the app to get it back. Tried reinstalling but the problem is still there	0
Best app to listen to your jams & today Download. It's so easy to use and premium is worth every penny	1
I liked the Spotify that let me see the songs I had in my playlist.	0
Almost unusable after update. Crashes and laggs all the time.	0
stuck on splash screen, tried installing and uninstalling but it still doesnt work	0
What i hated here, is that, the premium feature, and random ads, And i cant click my own song, i can't skip, i can't click a song and it said i need to shuffle Music 💀😭😡🤧🤧🤧	0
The suggestion song was annoying!!!	0
Doesn't work just stuck on the Spotify logo no matter how many times I uninstalled and reinstalled or clear data or anything it doesn't fix it I have a MUI 12	0
Just switched to Spotify from Pandora and I have to admit that I like it! The lyrics function is very cool, I wish I could keep them always on instead of reopening lyrics for each song	1
Stuck on loading screen	0
I liked it because there were no ads. As soon as I rated the app I got an add.. like literally right after I gave it 5 stars. Now I'm hearing too many adds.. sucks.	0
Disappearing media controls (bug known since april 2022) still hasn't been fixed.	0
Spotify was great until it stopped taking my credit card payments for premium Like JUST TAKE MY MONEY...PLEASEEE!!! Everytime I type in my credit card info it keeps saying "payment can't be made. Country does not match payment option ". It matched for two months , what's the problem now?	0
Hectic with ads	0
Pushy and intrusive. Auto connects to Bluetooth devices with no option to stop it. Has soured the user experience.	0
Downloads always seem to disappear when I need them	0
I am paying for this app and there is this very basic feature missing. I can't remove my recently played podcast, song from the home page look. Why? Every app on earth has this feature, why can't Spotify? Please suggest how to do it. I don't want everyone to see what i listened last if they ever see my phone.	0
Fantastic Quality.. Amazing music collection!!	1
I'm glad our favorite songs ate in the library	1
I love this it help me relieve stress	1
My Spotify keeps prompting offline even when on data. Have done troubleshoot, still same!	0
spotify is not connecting to the internet ... i already tried all the solutions .. and not working. i do have internet cause other apps are working. even spotify lite is working. its just this version of spotify.	0
I really like using Spotify.	1
When I play a song not a Playlist it plays a different song not Evan by the artist	0
Been some problems with playback lately	0
Been using Spotify for years now. I really can't fault it 😎	1
*edit: take it back. same problems despite paying for it. 🤷‍♀️* when I pay it works! I had to pause my subscription, and the app got glitchy. I have uninstalled and re-installed several times, but it randomly stops working and the bottom controls are gone when I open it again. husband doesn't have that problem with a different streaming app, and we have the same phone. 🤷‍♀️	0
It's a good app....I can choose a variety of songs for my exercise...just enjoy more music 🎶 love Spotify ❤ 😍 it's addictive...	1
I love Spotify because wherever I go and whatever I do I can listen to my favorite songs	1
While it's fufills the needs of music when I make a playlist and I delete a added song it doesn't mean I want another one Spotify so ya the added songs really doesn't help when I have to pay 10 dollars(which I'll never do) just so I can listen to a song I actually enjoy. without skipping a couple of songs to hope to get the correct song I want to listen too	0
Ever since the update, all playlists on spotify are telling me there is no music on then. But saying I can start a playlist. It's anoying.	0
Good app for songs	1
Really good app. Can at music in the background without premium. Not much ads at all. Great app. Reccomend	1
Spotify asking me to create an account and I already have one and doesn't automatically login now	0
Very good and very useful. I use it every day.	1
Spotify won't load in and stuck on the loading screen	0
Cannot play any song online. It just freezes and stops songs. It wasn't like this last week so i was wondering what happened. I tried reinstalling but it's still the same.	1
spotify give me better experience for life!	1
Downloaded podcasts don't play all the way through without internet. It completely defeats the point of downloading...	0
Not so good. Unable to log in even if i m a premium member. Also not able to download music. Premium services are not available but debiting my account without giving me services every month	0
Free version of Spotify is awful now, instead listening to add to get 30 minutes of music you get two songs and over a minute of ads. Also premium keeps going up in price it's a waste of money at this point	0
Music is good but the problem is with advertisement	0
It is the best song app	1
I was just trying to logout and it made me leave the app and when I went back on it I couldn't even use it cause it kept me in the logo and this has been happening for 4 days now yall better fix this also fix the fact that we can't hear the sound while in suggest songs	0
The is very simple and smart to use	1
what the hell?? everything was okay untill the new update. this app is impossible to use rn, the songs are playing on shuffle all the time and now they shown like a sentence or something please fix this :(	0
Very Authentic in its own way	1
I love that you can make your own playlists	1
Downloaded on my phone multiple times, it's not working. It's a black screen with the spotify logo but that's it. Will not do anything else. App is up to date, just not working.	0
Spotify is the best music app but adds are dispointed	1
It's gotten so bad recently The ads are so much Now the app also started to just stop Playing and needs to force shut down automatically.	0
This app used to be great and the only thing I'd use to listen to music but now I can't login or else it crashes my phone and forces it to restart. I can't delete it because it crashes my phone and forces it to restart and so my only option would be to factory reset my phone.	0
So far so good. It's been amazing working with you all.	1
Horrible ad placing. Like there's literally 5 ads for every song. And they're not short 5 second ads no they're long as 30 second ads. That's a whole song worth of ads for every SINGLE song, like I'm not here for ads.	0
Very beautiful journey with Spotify	1
Positive part is your library. Anything you search and it is right there. If possible, don't increase the volume sharply while playing ads. It hurts sometimes.	1
The app is great. I just don't know why the canvas feature doesn't work	1
Music for free!!! and song's you love,plus it recamend's music of the same johnra,come on	1
I love Spotify. Everything is easy to find and tailor fitted for my style of listening	1
Easy to customised playlist. Wide variety of songs	1
New to this , but had a good time listening!	1
I love the app. Its just too intelligent	1
I want to stop downloading music because I'm not listening to it, but once I turn off the download, it continues to download, which is annoying because what's the point of turning off the download when it's still downloading? You should also include an easy-to-create playlist, such as my favorite songs. I put it on a playlist by category, but my patience isn't long enough to go through hundreds of songs one by one. There are many issues that can be improved. What a waste of money.	0
I love all the music but I hate podcasts. Literally less than zero interest in them but it's always shoving them in my face and often they have awkward pictures that I really don't care to see. The latest is they are in a language I don't even know so that's... cool... Would honestly give 5 stars if it weren't for that. I wish I had the option to remove the podcast section or at least dislike them so I don't have to see the awkward pictures.	0
Love this app. Easy listening has a lot of music and podcast anything ..its great.	1
This app is very very good to enjoy music.	1
Ok I can listen to my favorite songs and I don't need a premium I like the podcast	1
Brings in the best music I need to hear.	1
New like songs ui is ugly we need back old like songs ui 😩	0
Update:- Thank You Spotify For Resolving below mentioned Issue.... "Everything's great but lyrics are not displayed... Not resolved till now... My device is Mi A3, till date this lyrics issue is not solved..."	1
Since the last 3 updates I have had nothing buy problems, app crashes every time I use it. Can't uninstall updates, this app now SUCKS. I use Spotify all day every day and I'm now forced to use Pandora which is just as bad, but at least it dont crash, if I could leave no stars I would. Dont down load this app	0
I'm loving my experience. Great variety of music and podcasts. Only downside is needing wifi for music that isn't downloaded.	1
The play bar keeps disappearing. Only restarting the phone fixes it, but then it disappears again. This problem has been known for 2 months and still not fixed	0
Spotify is easy to use	1
This app was ok but it freezes the music while playing games, then when you press play, it restarts the song or skips ... Fix pls	0
Can't play downloaded songs when you don't have internet.	0
music is nice but I'm tired of y'all playing w/ my playlist. y'all are so annoying bro. and the unnecessary updates bro AND THAT ADS! U DONT NEED THAT MANY ADS TO GEY MONEY BRO	0
Best music app that I had used yet	1
Kept randomly pausing playing music and podcasts. Done everything to fix it but to no avail. Finally uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but can no longer access the application after that step. It remains stuck on the green logo and doesn't matter how long I wait, it stays there. I have done everything, cleared caches, forced stop, clean reinstallations, checked for updates on app and phone (Samsung s10), everything, and nothing works. Only this app has stopped working. I am a Premium user.	0
Easy to use app. Great to listen to the music you like.	1
Have large amount of song to choose from. However, its hard to just want to listen only to specific track	1
Cannot update my premium. It always try to connect evn tho there is nothing wrong with the network.	0
It's the best music streaming I've used so far and cheap	1
Love it, so easy to listen to your favourite songs!	1
worst possible app. constant bugs and issues, shuffle is a joke, and the weekly recommendations are at least 50% songs i already listen to. premium is losing its worth every day.	0
I enjoy using the app and have all of my music, podcasts and some audiobooks all in one place. I wish there was a better way to organize files a little more specific then what is available now but I make it work. Quality has always been good! The one or two times it messed up after an update I cleared cache, forced stop and the reopened the app. Simple enough!	1
It's a really good app and I love it! The only minor concern I have is the ads, but that's all! ❤	1
Grate for tunes, great vibes man 🍃💨	1
Loving it! Took me this long to try it but it was worth the wait	1
Absolutely incredible. Keep up the good work.	1
Impossible to use liked songs will only play in shuffle controls are unbearable and the app is stuck on one song and will not let me play any others	0
Update has made it keep skipping its ridiculous	0
Glitches CONSTANTLY, pauses ALL THE TIME. Def don't pay for a paid membership. What a joke. Worst money I've spent this year. Fix your app Spotify. If I could give you 0 stars I would.	0
Just another way to be spied on by people with 💩 intentions- I miss the 80s You can laugh, but at least our every move isn't on candid camera, all our likes & dislikes are monitored. Technology is a donkey. Wait, that's mean to donkeys... You get the point- Enjoy your shower! May as well do it on the front lawn!!!! 🤪	0
It's alright I do have issues When looking for music Some you don't have when I try look for them	1
I want to cancel my membership but there is no where in the app to do so	0
The amount of ads is pretty ridiculous. It used to play one ad for 30 minutes of ad-free listening, and it would do this /every/ 30 minutes. It was perfect. Now will give me like one 30 minute ad-free listening session a day. And when not ad free, there are ads practically every 2 songs. I would love for it to go back to the way it was, because I am absolutely tired of the ads.	0
It has been an upgrade from our last service provider, pan something ?	1
To the person or team worked on the search, nicely done! I normally only notice things when they don't work well or break, but the Spotify search is smart enough to match lyrics too, as well as correct common mistakes	1
Spotify playlist is perfect	1
Had premium for 7 years. Found my favorite music and the style that makes my life better.	1
Stop hijacking my lock screen with album art! I don't want everyone to know that I'm listening to the Frozen soundtrack 😂	0
Great app listen to it all day everyday	1
Very good choice of music. Easy to understand and use. Plenty of playlists to choose from.	1
More problems than any other streaming service. Even Deezer is more reliable.	0
Your app needs a MAJOR redesign.The Joe Rogan podcast deal didn't make podcasts better on your app. Try a redesign of the UI that makes sense. That makes it easier to discover new things.Make it a more social and Connected network. Some new button deisgns, colour schemes, symmetry, minimalist.DARK AND LIGHT MODE. I can go on forever.Pump that cash into a user friendly design and make it available both for iOS and Android at the same time.Give users control.windows Xp media player visualisation.	0
I hate this app like there is a couple times when the Wi-Fi is strong but then it's still having problems working like it has its times when it doesn't work the way it's supposed to meaning the music won't work or the music will glitch which is why I hate this app other than that it's a pretty bad app it even shows lyrics which is good if you want to learn the lyrics of the song. I really hate the ads especially after like 5 minutes it goes to having three ads and everytime please fix that.	0
Brings back many memories with the songs I chose.	1
It's the greatest thing since jelly with peanut butter.	1
Its good but the ads are annoying	1
Was amazed with the customizing and shared info how awesome the choice of music was, as sometimes it can be humiliating, it's more relevant. I believe in this, and music helps me more then words can explain. This is one app I love and recommend.	1
75% of the content you'll be listening to here is back-to-back ads. I hope there's a way to delete my account somehow....	0
Great and wonderful to find any kind of music I love	1
I have a busted speaker and it is still clear and I hear the still clear	1
Spotify is an app that I'm always using but since the new update, the app just don't want to open it freeze. I tried everything 😪, I don't know what to do.	0
It plays songs that I don't want!!! It doesn't even deserve a star!! Fix it!!	0
Wont let me skip or turn off shuffle spotify isnt bad but spotify mobile is horrible.	0
i love spotify but on my new android (motorola 5g stylus) it randomly crashes the app during a song and when i open it back up the song is there but restarted, its really annoying and needs to be fixed	0
Because of your advertisement in this app.	0
its very organised but just because it needs data conection to work so its for the big spenders	1
My spotify isn't working right now. My phone is Samsung A50 and every time I open my sporify app, it just stays on the logo. But in ny other phone, Asus, it totally works tho! I've tried reinstalling the app in my Samsung phone, clearing the cache, data and stuff but none of those worked and it's still broken! Please help!	0
Absolutely amazing ,i enjoy using this app .Its easy to use 😘	1
Enjoy the music selection. Love it.	1
A+ you can find any song from anywhere you have to try this app for playing your music	1
it's very good but it's not letting me play a song when I click it it just makes me listen to another and i can't loop it	1
really great sound and selection and I love how you can listen on your phone and laptop	1
Cool that you can listen without internet!!!!	1
No interuptions.. Very little if there are.This is alright!	1
Hate the ads for a min🤦	0
I love that I can get it for free and still create Playlists even though I hate ads it is a small price to pay for being able to use it AND it is very easy to use. I hope they NEVER change that. I play it on my Samsung cell phone, laptop, & Alexa Echo.	1
Fantastic app. Had it for years, only sucks when your broke for a bit you lose playlist but they do keep it until your back on top. Great quality sound.	1
Getting adds for premium while I already have it. Podcast pausing on it's own today. When I open the app while it's playing a podcast it brings me to the home screen like nothing is playing, no bar at the bottom for what's currently playing.	0
Consistly great. All music quality is too notch and I thoroughly enjoy most of the recommendations the app suggest. 5 stars.	1
The update on the 28th broke the app on my phone. Can't follow progress, won't work with Bluetooth and frequently auto stops podcasts or music.	0
I understand the need for ads, but come on... I'm getting 3 30 second ads after nearly every song	0
Simple to use...suggestions are easy to use and easy with a simple 👌 play button	1
I loved this app as soon as i downloaded it . Its now giving a lot of issues. Like , i cant choose the songs i wanna listen to, i cannot even skip the song i dont wanna listen to . I go to shuffle to play the full version and it plays a song i did not even bother to choose. I think its unfair to those who cant go to premium because i cannot be paying every month , its useless. I dislike this app now. I wont waste my time going to premium. I hate this premium, so unfair.	0
Ads+shuffle only at least for my experience with using this on the phone	0
I love this app to help you keep up the day with all the latest artists and leave music as soon as it is dropped on the screen lines	1
I've found so many new artists and favorites! Love this app	1
I love the Spotify has Personal he designed playlist, That it releases weekly helps me find good new music, it's a great app	1
Best music app hands down	1
Opens to a black screen on Android 12, then crashes. Reinstall didn't fix the issue.	0
Best ever App I used to listen to my favourite music. I like the suggestions it makes once it knows what you listen to.	1
I love it because I can hear different music	1
Have used this app religiously but suddenly have been having issues playing music. Sometimes it refuses to even load artists or albums and other times it still plays music after closing out of the app entirely.	0
Great variety of music for all tastes	1
Best music experience ever you can find all the music you like . I love it ❤️	1
Love love love it, always clear music and the podcasts are great. I especially love that I can listen to it offline	1
can you please fix this app. Every time I go on the search bar to search some songs, my screen goes black and the song is not playing. Too many glitch.	0
I got 2 months free of spotify premium and they do a bunch of premium deals! I always listen to this to vibe:)	1
Spotify changed my music listening habits from almost given up to fully addict to music. Radio station give you what they want you to hear not what you want to hear. Spotify changed all that for me. The best music app for me. #spotify addict.	1
Awesome music but way too much ads.	1
Love it awesome Playlist and student plan is for amazing for 4.99 of months	1
Great app.all types of song are available here.in the playlist i have a problem.i cant find the song which i want to listen.please fix it.otherwise i love everything about this app.Thx👍	1
I thought Spotify would be a great music app until I actually installed it. I decided to make a Playlist and after 3 songs that I added myself a random song that wasn't my taste just started playing. Also when I searched up a song and clicked on it the song itself didn't play, I had to skip 7 times to get to it.	0
Much better now but still lacking in a few ways. I still really want the option to fine tune what kind of tracks play in a radio and to have a supermix for when I want to listen to a little bit of everything and not sure what exactly to listen too.... Edit: now just crashes on my a53 kinda disappointed	0
I love Spotify, especially when I have premium	1
Love that I can find ANY song... Going down memory lane!	1
After last these last few updates it's become incredibly glitchy	0
Over adds while during using the app	0
Love it but the button to report explicit content don't work. I don't mind the explicit content but it's nice to hit the block explicit button around the kids. Sucks when bad words get through. IT'S BEEN YEARS, FIX IT!!!	0
Great 🎶 selection, a partnership with Boost so you don't use up your data, easy peasy to use. You can listen to whole albums	1
I can enjoy the music I choose.	1
Spotify has a large library and you can almost find every 9 out of 10 songs quickly. Spotify has become my favorite brand because of the service and overall experience. I've Premium Service so I never get hit by any ads while enjoying the music in very high quality. 👌	1
Galaxy S21 + .....Music has now started to stop/pause for no reason during playback. Have tried everything and still continues to happen.	0
Never plays the songs that are actually on the Playlist I selected, even when I search specific songs it plays ones I don't want. On the rare occasion it plays the song I do want to play, it only plays 3 seconds of the song. If I could rate 0 stars, I would. YouTube is a better app for music than thus garbage	0
Its is good but we can't download song without any purchase	1
Mine just stop opening this July 2022, Its stuck at loading screen (spotify logo) and doesnt open the app at all. Tried uninstall/install - clear data/cache - phone is up to date - app is also up to date. Please support 😔	0
Great music options and I don't mind the adds	1
I really, really like this app alot so that I can listen to music at at all.	1
Shuffle play is bad, also an unreliable app!!	0
Literally have to reinstall this app everyday. It just doesn't work. Probabally should end my membership. This is garbage.	0
This app is really good I really like this app This is really easy to find any song of blackpink and BTS I really like this app👍	1
Recently the app has gotten really buggy - random pauses in the middle of a song or podcast, sometimes songs won't start playing, etc. Today's update is even worse and has made it so I can't even open it up. It just sits there and loads endlessly. I usually love Spotify, but the app is currently unusable. I'll update my review once they fix it.	0
Great app I could listen to my favorite playlist and I can turn of my phone while the music doesn't stop when the phone is on lock screen.	1
Its music. All the music. No BS except Neil Young and southern man don't want him around anyhow.	1
Easy to use,brilliant songs & artists.	1
It been pretty cool wish that i had more than six skips but it fine like the app.	1
Since the last upgrade, 6.28.22 Spotify no longer works.	0
So easy so navigate.	1
This is a great app but at times it just refuses to launch. Has been like this on and off for a couple months now. Slightly frustrating.	0
Highly unresponsive after you open Spotify from overview press at bottom screen. You have to either shut it down and launch it again or wait for it to load for almost 15 seconds, then the app wakes up and starts running. Very annoying and have to press almost 5 or 6 times to play a song.	0
Love the ease of use and the huge choice of albums. Use it on Wi-Fi for tunes on our Harley and our patio. Uses very little battery.	1
Can't just download 1 song from album when rest of album is rubbish amazon you can and so much simpler to use	0
If I don't have premium and I try to listen to the songs on my playlist it playing songs that are not on the playlist. I would suggest that you fix that so that we can just listen to the songs on our playlist than listening to something that is not on the playlist	0
Decent but......this app has potential to be great BUT the podcasts stop on every single podcast out of the blue, I have to keep manually hitting play which is not feasible to working in a clean room and not being able to touch your device. Please fix. Also, it'll play podcasts I've previously listened to and deleted randomly. Annoying!!!!	0
The app was cool and easy to use at first, then it wouldn't let me pick what song I wanted to listen to and limited my skips. I was also trying to practice something and I can't.	0
Greatest music service ever.	1
Playback always stopped suddenly	0
Perfect companion during long travels.. 👍🙂	1
I wish it had less commercials but other than that I love the sound, the quantity of music and artists. A pretty nice app.	1
Impossible to listen to offline playlists unless started on wifi.	0
I've only just started using Spotify, but I enjoy it. It plays the music I enjoy and, so far, no repeats.	1
Won't play anything that I select. It just gives me a black screen. A little mad since I just paid for premium.	0
This music app is really good 😆	1
I love the update but.... my pc account dont have premium stuff but i have it purchased just fix it please. But that it have good song up to 10 million songs.	1
The worst, most unstable app I've ever used for Android. Audio goes out when screen turns off, audio controls frequently crash while playing, integrated ads crash podcasts, audio skips, etc. I want to support Spotify because of commitment to free speech, but such an awful, unstable POS makes it a challenge.	0
Don't know why I'm paying for subscription, none of my downloads are available, it'll say downloaded, show how many i have, but nothing is available to play while i am out of cell and wifi range. Everything works when i have connection, but i download shows and music so i can play when out of service, which is like more than half of my life working in remote Alaska. Downloaded items should be available without a connection. Now after update, even with connection, i can't play anything	0
I like the app because it takes lesser time to find songs	1
Lovely and the best app ever yo hear music. Thx for creating this app 👍	1
Ok I've resorted to begging because it's literally impossible to make playlists without being able to hear a sample of the song in the add section. Please. Just add that back and I will give 5 stars thats all I want. Why would you take that away. The only reason I dont switch music apps is because of how many playlists I already have at this point. BLEH. the bare minimum has been restored.	1
great app, it's just when I click on a song it usually plays a random song.	0
Have used this app since launch and love it!	1
app can't be opened, it was take long time to load. can u fix that problem asap?	0
Too many ads, I understand that if I don't have premium I will need to see ads but there are too many! I already learned the Disney plus ad and I had no intention in learning it!	0
After every update it becomes worst Because ads increase almost after 2 song ads start. And it irritated everyone 😞😞😞😞😞 . Now I feel that downloaded song in your device is better to use this..... 😔😔😔😔	0
I hope you add data saver where the lyrics and background videos dont play, For data users sake. And also i hope you give random related songs suggestions when we play so we can explore more like in Yt music app	1
I learned ro sing my gav songs on this aap its so good and there are relaxing asmr sound	1
I'm frustrated I can't listen to music no more I tried everything I uninstall it waited two hours to have the screen pop up it's just the Spotify icon the whole time I can't login or anything I looked up how to troubleshoot I tried everything I don't know what's wrong I'll change the rating till it works	0
wth is the update i lit cant do stuff unless i have premium	0
Where has the play bar gone?? I can't use Bluetooth or skip anything!!	0
Please remove continuous ad of one product, for eg. Chand balliyan,rayban...i am listening this ad every interval of 3 songs.the reason I had unistall this app and one of the worst app i had ever used add every 2 songs interval itna toh YouTube par bhi add nahi aata yeh toh phir bhi....	0
I dont like this app .... No one song is played in my phone ...	0
Personally I really like it, 10/10	1
I LOVED THIS A LOT NICE APP. DEVELOPERS ALWAYS TRY TO MAKE THIS APP MORE BETTER AND NICE😊	1
This app is awesome really recommend it from other people really good music app 😎	1
Great radio app love it just what I really want to continue to use.	1
I've had a very good listening experience with Spotify I think it would be nice if I had the option to make it have more bass or to be louder on my Android phone like it does on my IPad but it is what it is!	1
Too many Ads in it	0
Is good but make it to be eble to search every thing and downloade	1
Unskipabke Ads after every 2 songs played, poor-autoplay recommendation relative to YouTube, miniscule inventory.	0
Great music lists	1
I had music album and artist names on a longnote book for a long time. Over 400 titles.Now with Spotify i only had to upload these lists on the app for easy access and listening to my favorite music mostly jazz.	1
Music is fantastic and choices are righteous your style your choice	1
Love Spotify. Great app!	1
Your app sucks... The autoplay doesnt work, I get to hear more ads than music... And I don't understand that why does the autoplay have so much issue... Update: The Auto Play still sucks... Update 2.: Now the app refuses to start... Update 3: Player has become buggy... Update 4: Repeating songs in discovery queue... Update 5: Your App Player is dead...	0
This is the best app for alone vibing but the one thing is we can't download songs, we should have a premium account	1
Excellent app but please get rid of the ads.	1
No video when attached to Bluetooth , joe Rogan is carrying this entire platform	0
My Spotify won't open and is stuck at the logo	0
Worked great until a software update. Now all the Playlist on my phone appear empty and Spotify claims it can't connect to the internet whenever I use search to fine music...	0
First you could choose songs from between your playlist and put your favourite songs but now you have to wait for you to listen to that song it's not how it used to be alot more things I would like to tell you but I won't I'll let the rating decide my experience	0
I used to love this app. But after the update I'm hating this. The song which i want to listen, which i play it gives u another song. It's really annoying. I can't listen the songs which i want to listen. If you can't listen to your favourite songs, then what's the point to use spotify? It says you can only skip the song if you buy the premium one. Dude i don’t want to buy the premium one. Before updating this app it was too good but what happend after the update. It’s really annoying	0
Unable to dismiss the advertisements .. fix it	1
you can find almost all kind of music	1
Good range of music	1
I absolutely love being able to listen to all the old music.	1
awsome songs are there I love it	1
Its easy to use spotify apps music	1
Amazing app, amazing playlist algorithm	1
Every time a notification comes through since the update, Spotify pauses then never starts playing again. This includes Spotify's in-app ads. Pretty awesome when trying to listen while doing things and it's paused every few minutes.	0
I enjoy it especially listening artist from my country	1
One of the worst pain in this app is getting stuck on the loading screen it takes so long or forever. Please fix it.	0
Love! 💜 Highly recommend. -Francesko the Artist	1
I hate this app because you literally have to wait an hour just to skip a song	0
Excellent app. Keep improving with new features	1
It's free music and all but there need to be a membership for ads if you are looking into it so do download and enjoy	1
Too bad, not easy to use. The interface is very complex.Don't Download	0
poor performance, too slow to load, more glitches, and even more low on quality unlike Apple Music. Sorry, just giving 2 star for now Update: now the apps gone stuck on bootlogo, i think i overspent too much of my credit card balance just for this useless junk app. Fix it or many would be dissapointed.	0
What's wrong I can't take student premium it again n again ask to verify me after that blank pages occurs what's wrong that Sheerid ???	0
Love the very much-loved tunes	1
I try to put on a Playlist and it says (this Playlist is empty) & when I put a song on it doesn't play. Spotify better be on the verge of fixing this cause it's the summertime I need my music Don't piss me off Spotify Get it fix	0
great app, my only grievance would be that my favourite musical isnt on spotify, but thats understandable considering its extremely niche. anyways please whichever spotify representative reads this please contact william finn about getting In Trousers onto spotify.	1
Bro 💀 i tried downloading the app today and try it out but it can't even open Lmao 💀 plus i used to use Spotify and it would keep playing random songs and when i search up something there's always different results	0
Sometimes it plays and won't pause or pull up the play bar when listening to podcasts. Im new to Spotify and im wondering if I should find a different app to use. Seems to to have bugs that need fixed.	0
Can you fix this please? Just please please please please please, I'm begging you, why i can't download songs in my premium, like, the download button on my playlist doesn't appear color green when i tap the download button, and i can't even go offline because of that	0
Because Is easy to go back in the days true Spotify.	1
Definitely a five star app. It has every song in the book. Plus lyrics. And it's fast.	1
I like the no interruptions	1
Confusing interface. Right now Spotify is way too complex, less is more. Right now I'm finally going back Google podcasts, soz	0
good app for nice song	1
Best ever Music app ever seen this kinda of app. It's so rocking. But the ad disturbs you seriously..	1
Even when I have premium I don't get premium features	0
Continue to have problems with app not stopping play. App will say nothing is playing but there it is definitely playing. I have to go into settings and force stop the app. Also will do the opposite. I will open the app and can't get anything to play and will have to force stop the app. Then it seams to work for awhile.	0
I paid for premium and am getting commercials. WHAT A SCAM!	0
Review has moved from five stars to one. 6yr premium customer, miss 1 payment, my account is removed from Spotify and all music lost. no contact number. Will be using competitors apps.	0
I have rock with Spotify from day one and they are the only music app that i will ever deal with. They are the best at what they do. I highly recommend Sporify to everybody.	1
Used to be good. I have over 1800 songs in a playlist and it will play the same maybe 150 songs. It'll also be at "the end" of the playlist waaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyy too soon. What happened Spotify?	0
Realy nice app. I can hear music very clearly.	1
When I logged out it never opened again. I reinstalled and restarted my phone. It's still stuck at the spotify logo screen.	0
While I think that Spotify deserves way more stars, I do habe some problems with the app in general. For example, while in Offline Mode, the app will repeatedly reset all downloaded songs, so that it simply doesn't work. The Playlist I've downloaded shows the little icon at the top that it's all downloaded, but when I scroll down, the songs just don't play and neither do they have the little download icon. It's just really annoying me because then I have to redownload the songs and use Data	0
Amazing if it was totally free	1
Good functions well designed	1
When i am listening to music it keeps on randomly pausing the music for a split second the carries on playing it, or I have to turn on my phone to stop it from doing that. I have the latest update and it still does it. I think it is still experiencing glitches.	0
I love ittttt, there's no ads even though I'm using it for free	1
Not a good and very bad but song are not played in front page. Mans will search the song and playing song	0
Spotify is good because it's got all my favourite songs on.	1
Laggy and doesn't open	0
It was fine until that auto shuffle happened, if i try to play from my liked Playlist, it plays songs that I never heard before. It won't let me play other songs without it being in playlist shuffle either. It would be fine if that wasn't added, Let people enjoy listening to the music they like and not have to pay for premium to stop that auto shuffle.	0
Pauses for no reason and podcasts just refuse too play at all	0
The best music streaming site there is!	1
Wonderful music to listen to, anytime	1
Best live music streaming app I've ever utilized. I couldn't find any shortfalls not to rate it 5*****!	1
This app is amazing. I think this is the best ever song cloud,every song is on..OMG!..its amazing.	1
Spotify is a very good place to listen to music but it's not the best without premuim. But on the bright side premuim is not very expensive and in fact quite affordable it is a clever business method to earn and I'm down for it	1
Love the choice of music always on	1
It's very nice how can I describe it I don't know but is one problem that it is just when the internet but not with offline so I will give it 5 star	1
Cool and easy app to use	1
This is the best music app	1
Buffer quality is good.	1
Advanced app as compare to others.	1
I love this app this is useful app and especially this app in song with lyrics my favourite part the lyrics sometime I can't understand songs but with lyrics I easily understood songs i love it 💜💜😺🐻🐨🐇🐑🐴🐥🇰🇷🇮🇳💗💗💗	1
It makes the music clear	1
Best music streaming service out there!	1
I really love using Spotify, but for the past few days the app isn't opening at all. Until this isn't rectified, my review will be one star. Otherwise the app is great to use. Really sad about not being able to listen to my playlists.	0
Best music app on my phone. But could still make it easier to find most recent and trending music, especially in my region	1
The quality 😍 Spotify playlist has made my life easier!	1
It always act up its not good whenever it starts acting up i thought of updating it but it does same thing again and again...no words totally lost it	0
What i know about spotify is good music just tips artist name spotify 1ina million 👏👏👏👏👏👏	1
It is a very usefull app while your travelling,it can be played even your area's is poor	1
While listening to long 4-5 hour podcasts, Spotify will lose track of where you are and start the whole thing from the start multiple times a day	0
It has every song you could possibly think of it's just amazing	1
I Love these access to music and freedom of selection. Your the best	1
Spotify is interested song 😊😊😇😇	1
I really love this app😌💜 Without premium also it works very well 😊	1
Best music app i ever saw	1
I'm using the app since one year it's sound quality is good but now the problem is from 1 month after I updated the app many of the songs are not able to play it's just disgusting to hear it in the Spotify so just take a look in to it..	0
Best app help me while I'm preparing for neet exam	1
This is the best song recommendation app. Also you can listen to podcasts which are very well designed.	1
Since last update I have lost control of how I can play music, it stops for no reason, there is no play pause buttons anymore. The only way to stop the music is by closing the app. Today i can't even play music at all... What's next? Spotify any solutions? Do I have to keep paying for your no service?	0
The app is great but the update is not good when I try to play my fav song a totally different song play that I never heard and I can't restart the song I like I like the app when it dint update	0
I loved this app but recently when updated I cannot play songs from the playlistd that I made and when i press the play button it says that I get only 6 skips per hour. I mean like "WHAT THE HELL". I want to play the songs in an order i have set my self. Not mixed. And whenever i play a song spotify premium keeps coming off. I'm deleting this song until this is fixed. Until then Bye.	0
Lots of playing options... both old and new school music...Top notch	1
I love listening to music so this a a great app for music. I can listen to music anywhere any time.	1
Only advertisement for our premium	0
Worse app ever..!! If we search good song for caller tune. It's not available. They can't search know songs also sometimes Jio team makes everything for business. At first everything was free not they are charging for everything	0
Why i can't play the song? I have paid for premium	1
It is the better but a am chose one Star because this app ads so iriteded	0
Finally, I can listen every Queen song ever made.	1
I can't open the app anymore after I payed for premium and I don't think that is fair please fix this ASAP I can't listen to music anymore	0
I bet it would be better if you can add GIF photo to your playlist	1
Use every day on a paid for choice, so no ads. Just add to my play lists as and when. No drop outs & used the downloads option while on holiday so didn't have to worry about Wi-fi or data use.	1
Its a great music app, i really love it but my suggestion is, could you make an update where we could download 1 song and not the entire album, because if we have to download all the song in the album, its really consuming our storage on our phones.	1
Changed my review because the app didn't work for me. I accidentally logged out from my acc but when I tried to login again the app just blank(black). Nothing. I've restarted my phone and reinstall the app but still the same thing happened.	0
Bad Experience. When streaming/playing downloads the glitches or stop playing. Why there is no support desk?!	0
It used to be a great app but now it just became bad. You have to watch atleast 5 videos after a song and you only get 6 skips an hour (a ridiculously low amount). When you find the song you want it ridiculously plays a different song by another singer instead the song you want. I'm not sure how you guys get payed to do this but you need to fix it now.	0
What happened to Spotify it's not the same, whenever i choose a single or album the songs are not there and when i it different music will play	0
I don't understand why I can not play back the music of my choice I only have an option to next 6 times in 1 hour	0
Keep it that way. Ads free	1
Mc why too many ads always.	0
Please make us play any song without using Premium	0
Excellent great music app 👍.	1
so enjoyable and relaxing 😎😎😎	1
Worst app Finding ways to just earn money everyday	0
The new stranger things theme is so cool or as I should say it's bitchin.really enjoy it.	1
I don't what happened But all of the sudden it Stop working So, i tried to restart the app but it now just show a blank screen i tried about 15 installing and uninstalling it but still won't work	0
It's great. All the music I could ever wish for.	1
Always barges in. Connect phone to the car, spotify app starts playing. Connect it to ANYTHING else it starts playing. Overrides EVERYTHING! Can't kill it, even a forced stop can't stop it. This is the most annoying BULLY app I ever download. DO NOT DOWNLOAD. LOOK FOR something ELSE.	0
It so good 10/10 the best place to lease to music	1
"Offline Mode" is the biggest useless feature ever. I might actually cancel my Spotify acct over the amount of times I've tried to listen to my DOWNLOADED music while away from data service and CANT. HOW USELESS.	0
My experience with Spotify is great. I love this platform. Thanks Spotify team.	1
WAS a good app. Until you couldn't play the song without shuffling. And the layout is different. I advise you to go back to YouTube music. At least could play a song. :(	0
Great, love the choices and suggestions	1
Fantastic range of easily accessed music	1
There's many songs but you can't listen to them free. So it's very disrupting that there's add and sometimes you have to wait for skip. It's like everything have to be payed to do something.....	0
Great Music App.	1
This is best listing app I ever seen	1
I can't live without Spotify,i love it	1
You have to buy there stupid premium just to play a single song I literally have to go through 20 songs just to get to the one I want	0
Too many ads	0
Really good on Xbox I can listen to music as I play games.	1
Everything is way good, but make a comment section for every song, so that people can write their thoughts on their favourite songs. In this way the music artists will also come to know, how listeners feel about their creations. -Thankyou :)	1
Hey! Spotify team please help I am trying to login to my Spotify account for past week with this same email id and i have made many attempts but my account is not opening 🥺🥺.. I also have a student plan and most importantly my life without music is so empty, my day starts with listening to music and also ends with music.. Please resolve my issue ASAP..PLEASE 🥺	0
Very nice music app. Other junk apps have ads that interrupt my sleep process. This just works.	1
Too slow and can't choose music to play	0
Best dang app for music ever	1
this is free music with hardly any time having ads but when you do get ads there are at least 2 ads that aren't skippable but its worth it five out of five spotify if you see this review I just want to say thank you for it not having to be paid for	1
My playlist keeps being shortened somehow and everytime I play a song from my playlist and close my playlist music stops and I can't play it it was fine yesterday but today its rlly bothering me..sorry but can u fix what's going on?	0
Hi, can you fix it when i play my favorite song it always short song	0
Terrible. Not worth it. Used to be great but now I can't get through one song or podcast anymore without it buffering or skipping. Even downloaded songs have issues. I tried everything- resetting my wifi, removing all downloaded songs, clearing the cache, lowering streaming quality, uninstalling then reinstalling. Don't waste your time with this one	0
Spotify is not working in my phone	0
I think spotify is great but its 5 times better with premium though and i think $10 a month is not that bad. It has absolutely all songs created. Overall I think spotify is the best app for music, podcasts, and stories. Such qaudale dingle.	1
its playlists are awesome	1
great nothing found wrong but how can u download songs From therer	1
Not opening on my mobile.. Just showing a blank page with logo and then gets stuck.. I cleared my cache, updated to the latest version, rebooted my device, still the problem continues!	0
Music quality not so good	0
It bothers me that when you don't have a premium when the ads come on they sound 10 times louder than the music sounds, which is a problem when you listen to music with a speaker or with headphones, because it forces you to turn up the volume because you don't listen to the song and then feel like you're going deaf from the commercials	0
Great music of the 70s and 80s	1
One of my Favorite apps of all time. Been using them for about 9 years now and they keep getting better !! I'm up to 30 hours of Amazing Tunes on my Markus Aurelius PL 1. Check it out and subscribe. You're gonna Love it I'm sure 😀🎸🎶🎵🎶🎵🎶✌️	1
complete trash to say the least can't even open my liked songs	0
Love the app and now they're adding lyrics. If they can add more interactive stuff like the end of year round up that would be great.	1
I love all the songs it's great	1
Excellent quality overall! I very much appreciate that a person can close the app and still have the music playing. Also, WIDE VARIETY OF GENRES! Anything you can think of!	1
Has almost every song I have ever searched!	1
Waste of time there no song if you want to listen a song then search its singer's name that is always worst app for ever	0
Just switched to ad free	1
I try putting a song but it shuffles and puts a different one	0
i just love spotify:)	1
I love it real simplicity	1
I give this 2 stars because everytime I open the spotify and play some music it always say "no network connection" even though our WiFi is doing great. Please fix this. 😤☠️💢	0
I just love it ☺️ can't explain more. I listen to any music I want and helps me to know many different artists	1
Please increase the volume of the musics. Sound quality should be more good, rich and enhanced. In home tab, contents are taking much time to load. Make spotify lightweight and fast. There have huge battery consumption while streaming.	0
Exceptional. Large variety of programming options.	1
Honestly this app is just all around amazing. I have no bad things to say.	1
First time not opening the app, bad app	0
I can't play my playlist:/	0
totally love this app, I don't any trouble looking for muaic on my current mood because the app already has category that you can choose from with any current state of mind you have.	1
So difficult to play songs and keep songs... Not suitable to play specific songs you want but good for random playlist	0
I don' t like this app.I can't listen my favourite song in play list with out premium .Because the playlist does not play the songs we want.	0
Hey there . I am daily listener of Spotify.And I also want a primium subscribtion. So I request you to add a reedeem gift code payment method to primium plan. Thanku.	0
I love being able listen anything I want to.	1
Stuck at logo and loading screen after I log out.	0
I like spotify and would reccomend it to anyone that wants a wide variety of music to choose from. If you can afford premium i highly reccomend it but if you can the base version is also really nice	1
Bad lyrics. Poor sound quality.	0
The liked artists association selection is a liked feature. Brings up some bands that forgot about. That's for the reminder.	1
This app delivers more than just what I expected. Very good.	1
To gud. But only problem is that not download songs without subscribe or paid premium	1
Have good music listen to it and u can shut off ur phone and it still plays even when sleeping.	1
Awesome Besides having to pay for it	1
Various issues from not loading/crashing to playing songs without actually playing, song plays but no bar down the bottom	0
Some bugs and repeatative ads are annoying but the auto-play is world's best system	1
Make it fully free cause we all need music!. ill give yah five stars you gotta be kidding with the extra pay just to use it with a Fitbit like woooooooooow just stop!	0
Trash app, ads after every 2 or 3 songs. Lucky that there's hacked spotify	0
I can find all the music i like. Especially all the old stuff that is hard to find on other apps!	1
I can't get my Spotify app to work been working on it fo r days what's the problem?	0
Nice. Good collection of songs	1
Best one for the underground stuff.	1
So easy to use! Thanks, kd	1
Ok so I can't play my favorited music it says that there is an error and won't load I will raise the stars whenever you find a fix.	0
Spotify have every type of style of music	1
Too Too Too Too much ads.... Highly disappointed 👎👎👎	0
Very good experience.....with spotify i'm enjoying a lot....	1
Spotify has been around for a long time and know how to make a good music app. Everything is laid out simple, finding songs and making playlists easy.	1
Well selected music to my taste.	1
Amazing streaming music app! The sound quality and collections of songs very nice. But some of movie songs not available in spotify. Please add those songs soon.	1
It used to be great but now it's restricting and quite unusable it's forcing us users to go premium if you don't change it like before I will delete this app.	0
Perfect.. Just perfect	1
Amazing and great! You get all different types of music, and you can share with friends and create podcasts and Playlists.	1
I love this app but I I have been having some problems with my liked songs in my library and it only plays part of the song. And I can't change the song at all	0
The app lost all my playlists last week and no matter how many times I reinstall it and the SD card it will not work. I am travelling this week and it looks like without my music. Why do developers try to improve apps but just break them instead. Pissed off.	0
I love Spotify.	1
This is the most best music app I've been on.	1
I would really to buy a subscription, but podcasts are still unavailable in South Korea. Any idea when this will change?	0
My favorite entertainment for my ears.	1
Uninstalling spotify, heats my phone up, drains my battery big time and always running in the background.	0
I'm a man of few words. I think Spotify for me personally meets ALL of my expectations, you should give it a try.	1
Now is easy for me to hearthesongs I already download in my list of library album music	1
Was nice if u reduce the length of the ad	1
Spotify is not working on Android auto please fix it	0
It is awesome considering I use only the free version the only thing that I would you know put into a better category would be if it updated with the new music as the artist produced it	1
Too many ads	0
would be 5 stars but when I'm playing music when I've listened to every song it plays random songs	1
Great app, free version might have ad breaks but still great, thanks Spotify 👍👍👍👍👍	1
Love have splotify premium not to expensive love how I can go offline and download music. Using the car mode is easy makes everything bigger all in all would recommend trying premium	1
I wish it would play more of my original voice material..	1
Bro this freaking app says I have no internet even when I do, this is so annoying let me just use your ducking app already	0
No pause and play button for ages!	0
Free music, and top choices, something not to like? Listen!	1
Good app. No app like this to provide songs free	1
Let the app keep the phone unlocked while playing or I'm not resubbing. It's dangerous while driving otherwise. And it USED TO DO THIS!	0
Spotify is the best. 👍	1
Excellent. I love this platform. It has all the music I used to listen to back in the day. Plus an amazing collection of Christian music. And the podcasts, (which I was unaware were available), are great too I would recommend Spotify. Hours of entertainment.	1
It is harder to add a "Spotify premium" $30. Dollar card, and open an account than it was to blindly purchase the card. I wouldn't suggest this app. To an associate and have 'Him or Her' Angry at me when they purchase a Gift Card, and have a problem to using it.	0
The best app for listening music and podcast	1
Spotify without premium is very stupid	0
...'plugged' in a few artists and get more artists and tunes I like.	1
Horrible experience. Ads middle songs. Middle my sleeping med. music. Wakes me up in shock, coz its super loud and out of context. Impossible to rewind the song or play again. Its like fnk app try to tell you how to listen to your music. Its pathetic. If there would be server, jumping in every 5 min in my coversation to promote menu unless i pay 5 bucks, id break his nose. These ones are hiding behind the screen and doing same thing. Downloaded evwrything elswhere. Vomit	0
Superb music selection 💯👌🏻	1
I love it so much but the adds are horrible are you guys hiring	1
Never fails me, especially when I need the right song at the right time	1
Best music app there is nothing beter	1
My translator disappeared and also there's no karaoke option	0
Spotify keeps stopping mid song after I start. Happens sometimes every song, sometimes every 3rd but always happens. I'm the only one who uses it, cleared cache, uninstall and reinstalled, dont use power saving mode ever, have perfect Internet, deleted all my data and saved and started over and it CONTINUES to happen. I PAY for this, if its not fixed in the next couple of days I'm cancelling my subscription because this is pathetic at best.	0
Best music and it has all the music u like	1
Terrible, you can't even pick an exact song without paying $10 a month, just get YouTube vanced, it has way better selection, you have the freedom to pick the actual song you want to listen to and there's no ads.	0
I use spotify on a phone and ,oh boy, it's a nightmare. First of all there's a ridiculous amount of adds,you only get six times to skip a song and it resets in an hour, and you can't pick what song you listen to, there's only shuffle.	0
Stop adding songs to the Playlist i create if I wanted to listen to that music i would have played a list that would have me discover songs! I created my own Playlist so I don't have to use my skips looking for a song I want. Very disappointing the app would be great if this was fixed. Don't wast your time getting frustrated.Please fix this	0
Wanna break from the ads tap now to watch a short video	1
Love listening to my Spotify. Any place anytime. Even with commercials	1
Same issue not opening app completely can be fixed and review updated	0
It is a good app to play music on and I lessing to my favorite music what I like	1
Even when I was using the free version with ads I found the way Spotify offered selections based on what I had been listening to, really good, because it gave artist I had forgotten as well as those I had never tried.	1
It is a very beautiful and useful application. I want to download songs, how can it be done.	1
I really like Spotify	1
One of the best music apps around!!!	1
All the free music and shows you could possibly want and more. Creations abound!	1
Excellent and lovey way to listen unlimited music. Please make language wise categories i.e. Sindhi music or urdu music	1
Why do I need premium to listen to my favorite music	0
My overall experience was amazing! I've discovered new songs that I didn't know l would like! So thank you for making this app. <3	1
They gave me 6months free trial and so far love it	1
The media player outside of the app and the progress bar inside the app disappear way to frequently. I have to hard quit the app multiple times to resolve the issue.	0
Add a damn option to confirm whether you want to connect to a certain Bluetooth device or not. Had too many occasions where the options for connections would bounce all over the place due to constantly finding and forgetting ones only to mis-click away from the thing I wanted instead to a device someone else is always using. Awkward to use and inconvenient.	0
It just stopped working	0
After two or three song they give a long add which is really anonning .when I use the first there will have add but add remain after the 30 min	0
This app is good. But for some reason, The Shuffle is always on... But when the PC version comes into use, it's always off. Is the songs policy always behind a paywall or you guys just want to get money by premium... This isn't why "Free" streaming apps are for... The shuffle isn't helping you by you're problems.... It's just making the listener's mood and their problems unsolvable...	0
I've had the same Spotify premium for 6 years and let me tell you. WAYYYYYY better than apple music or Amazon whatever it's called. 10/10 recommend. Keep up the good work Spotify. I love you ❣️	1
Great , affordable Music app!	1
Podcasts turn off by themselves, sound plays without app controls	0
Any music I want, anytime. I love it!	1
Worst app not songs only adds wast of data	0
Scale of 1 to 10, I'll go with 10 an easy way to get your old but goodies song! ❤❤❤	1
Way too many ads. Jst to for for premium.. Are u guys serious I mean i cud download music files form somewhere else.. And if I want latest music I cn check on u tube seriously u guys are getting worse and worse jst belive me after some month or mayb a year this app is going down	0
I have been using Spotify for over 2 years and after this update, I'm no longer able to play any music. All my playlists are empty and I'll open up Artist playlists and they say empty as well. Says to check my internet and I'm connected, all my other apps are working, just not this one.	0
I absolutely love this app. The free version is amazing and premium is even better. I get to listen on the way to work and simply whenever I want. There's music for everyone. As a lesson whose tastes varie from day to day and are simply all over the place I'm very satisfied. They also have people who are willing to help if there are any issues. 10 our of 10 in my opinion.	1
Its the best especially, if you have premium.	1
I love every aspect of this app!	1
Great at finding songs, and making recommendations.	1
This app has lots of podcasts and I love those , you can also try these podcasts of Crime & Thriller.	1
App is broken on android. Does not play music. Does not list songs in playlists.	0
Easy to use and very wonderful	1
If I could rate this a 0 I would, My name is Hannah and I'm 11 and I absolutely hate this app. I downloaded it and signed in made a playlist and what happend you may ask, well they added what they wanted onto it, it's so rude and when I tried to delete it of it said that I couldn't because they had picked it special for me, and it wouldn't let me play any other songs in my playlist, so just like that an hour after I down loaded it it's been installed an hour later. I'm never downloading again	0
Its perfect Music To use for study or for fun some to use to dance to and sing to it is perfect	1
Very good app for any other music 🎶 you can find what ever you like to look up.	1
I cant play my favourite music cuz im free listener before 2 days ago I could to play my favourite music but now I can't I think because im in free mode	0
I love the music selections and the ability to create my own Playlists. Thank you to all of the Artists who've contributed their music to Spotify! Happy Listening 😃	1
Great, easy to use. The cross fade between songs is a nice feature	1
The app is amazing! I really love the interface, its easy to use, and collation of suggested playlist is awesome	1
My Spotify apps was force stop	1
Is a nice app I could listen to music while going on long trips	1
My app is not working i have the logo in the middle of the screen i restarted it and i uninstall it and download it again still not working help	0
Wont let me play my songs and keeps playing other songs.	0
Everything is v.well but when i search a song then single song isn't shown as search result then i played album then it's auto set on loop then the song isn't played another artist song played i don't know why but please change this feature or guide user.	0
Is just a great music app in general	1
honestly the best music app if you ask me	1
So easy to use and has everything I need. Great for all ages too, and Spotify Premium is perfect for me!	1
Love the app. Music selection is great and the mixed tapes they make for you are perfect!	1
Please fix this update. Why am I unable to rewind anymore? What is happening?!	0
The best music streaming app out there	1
It's nice when l don't want to watch TV I have a great selection of music oldies and modern to listen to, goes with my moods brilliant	1
Great user experience with a cheap premium option that make listening very enjoyable without ads. The AI is fantastic and suggests songs I have never heard of that match my music taste	1
I love it and it's great, on the road, at home or enjoying with my friends we all love Spotify. So good job and keep at it..!	1
Great music platform	1
Amazing 👏 absolutely can't live without my Spotify finally a site/app that works better and less data streaming use then YouTube 👏 stay bliss yall 💕 much love Lil Savage69	1
Spotify changes my playlist to music I did not select. I find this annoying	0
Sad to say that since the latest Samsung phone update Spotify will not work. It appears to be connected showing green moving bars on the tune selected but is mute. Also the app appears frozen as it is not possible to start or pause.	0
The first app which is bestest for listening musics	1
Excellent job with lyrics. Love this app ❤️	1
A have a lot of problems with it but the most important is the fact that I can't search up a song and play it on its own without listening the that specific whole album. And if you try selecting the album to pick out and play that specific song it won't work it just plays what it want from that album. And also freezes my attempt to skip the songs till I get to the one I want after 6 tries for one whole hour. I was actually trying to rate it 0 but I see 1 is the lowest	0
Works in my smart TV, plays good song, everything available. I always buy the premium subscription and I highly recommend it.	1
my spotify started freezing and won't open. When I try to log in it pretends to log in and then shows the login screen again and doesn't log back in. It started happening like this last night, I logged out of my account and it stayed that way. I deleted the app, restored or restarted but still the same, please help.	0
I've been paying more for less. Every time I open the app I'm spammed with an ad about some new content from someone I've never shown interest in. Now I'm getting ads for their car thing.	0
Love to stream podcasts and wide variety of music.	1
Honestly in the beginning I loved Spotify. I even decided to start paying for it so I could listen to music with unlimited skips and no commercials. However, in the past few weeks, especially since getting my new phone the app randomly stops playing and turns off. When in my car it skips like a CD constantly. It's frustrating and frankly I'll probably cancel my subscription if not fixed, even if it is a minor inconvenience, it shouldn't be happening.	0
Same old glitchy BS from the beginning. This service isn't worth the money. Won't play app closes itself. Stop playing randomly, start playing randomly. So all and all not worth it	0
I do love this app. I use it daily.	1
What the hell happened?? I used to love using Spotify but now it keeps pausing randomly in the middle of my songs and podcasts. And there's some kind of weird glitch where when you press play, it'll start playing the song. But you can't pause it, skip to the next song, or even see what song is playing. I don't know what happened but this app is barely usable at this point.	0
Easy to use and fast	1
I get my fix whenever I need it. IM ADDICTED! It's a great addiction. Please don't leave me. Sounds like a red flag I know. Thanks Spotify. 😃	1
Iam unable to open spotify it is always stuck with its symbol and black screen when i open the app😭	0
I loveeeee itttttt....but ads just spoil d mood!!	1
Offers very good selection of my favoured music	1
Its really good for your mind. Because music is a drug and Hip Hop is my drug dealer....	1
Spotify has great music! Still learning how to use it though... I can honestly say that it's better than YouTube.	1
The now playing part doesn't show up so I can't compile a playlist	0
The best music library	1
Excellent! Does all it promises, and more.	1
Best music app on the play store	1
Perfect music app 🙏❤️	1
Best education for all ages. Music has become an essential aspect for all of our lives in the future as well as the past.	1
Great App ( can be lagy)	1
Whenever i skip a song, it goes hidden. Why? Just because i didnt want to listen to that song then, or i accidentally skipped it, i cant listen to it? And removing it from hidden is hard too. It doesnt work most of the time. I tapped a hidden song hundreds of times to get it unhiden, but that only worked twice. If i want to make it hidden, give me the option to do so, dont make it mandatory to skip the song. And i cant link to google account. I have just lost everything because of that. 0/10bad	0
App does not seem to work on Samsung Galaxy A50! Cannot search for music. App crashes if I attempt to add a song to a Playlist and cannot see Playlist after adding songs on the web. No option appears to play songs either. I have deleted and reinstalled the app several times and have logged out and back in several times. I have done everything that I know to reduce background apps running and ensure wifi signal strength. Simply put your app is not compatible with my phone.	0
Great music but after a while the music started cutting out and it had been cutting out every few seconds and if I didn't turn my screen back on it would keep cutting out so I uninstalled and reinstalled it and now nothing loads. I have been using spotify for about 4-5 years now and nothing has happened but now it won't load at all.	0
Fantastic comprehensive range of music	1
Amazing plain and simple	1
Too much ads	0
This is the best music player I have ever had Spotify has all the song you like you can put them in your liked category and you you have daily mixes that you will enjoy that's why I love using Spotify 5 stars.	1
Gives you ads a lot and you get like 10 30 seconds ads in a row	0
Total fun, easy.	1
Just got started with Spotify, but so far it is very user-friendly and has a great variety artists.	1
Wonderful application. No issues so far	1
Some of the popular music I listen or I can understand and sing or use for enterprise and faith are in Spotify I do not listen to most music yet because of my culture and religion which writes that music is the opium and doping of non-believing atheists and azazel	1
Everytime I install the app it opens it but it won't go to the log in page it only stays on the Spotify logo and it just stays there I've tried to install and uninstall the app but it doesn't work. And even tryed to restart my phone and check my data and it still doesn't work.	0
I can't believe I pay £10 a month for this and you still block the whole screen on startup with ads asking to refer a friend.	0
Very good selection of songs	1
Nah you guys are bad I went to play some of my liked songs and it gave me something else songs I don't even know. I just wanna listen to my favorite song.	0
I have a free account but I just got charged $9.99.	0
The app has been fine for me ever since I downloaded it (probably 2 years ago), but since 2 days ago it hasn't been working for me at all. Only opens with the logo showing up in the middle of a black screen, then never responding after. Tried all the things I could in reddit and guides online, same result. Uninstalled multiple times and reinstalled only to be met with the same exact result. Tried deleting cache and data, still the same thing. Hope my app gets fixed :(	0
Spotify rules. It's so dam good!	1
App contacts Spotify and shows preferences but doesn't provide Playlist when you click on selected items.	0
I am fully satisfied with the musics heard during my work, actually not listening to the words but encouraged with the rhythm for continuing my work.....	1
I cant play the songs i want but instead, its playing other songs. It was ok before but now i cannot play sons i want	0
probably the best music app out there but I've just got one tiny problem... i wish we could rearrange songs in our Playlist. we can do that in our queued songs but not in playlists. atleast let us rearrange in the playlist that we've made ourselves.	1
It was fine before update but after the update I can't pick the songs I want to play on the playlist I made to listen to Please fix it!!	0
Easy to use and versitile!	1
Best companion for Road trip 😃 Awesome quality of sound and recommendations of playlists are likewise	1
No adds, loads quickly, and all the music I like!	1
Love Spotify listen to it all the time	1
Ui updated now it's like the rows but each row has 1 item in it like , if your gonna make it scroll down instead of across can you at least make the size of the album art fit	1
Great service terrible annoying pestering adds and emails I got four emails in one day about the same promotion. I've unsubscribed from the email but the point is that it's shameless and shouldn't happen. At this point I'd rather go back to YouTube adds than deal with this over the top in your face self promotion. Good job losing a customer spotify.	0
Can add "rewind and forward 10 sec" opt. as I like to hear some specific line in the music and it is difficult to adjust it by that music track line.	1
Seems to use up a lot of processing, cause audio to cut out when using Bluetooth earbuds. Other music players work fine.	0
Play random song that I don't want like even look for the right song no random song so one star	0
Excellent app I can listen every music in any language	1
the app is not opening even after reinstalling for several times. Tried to contact via email no response. All it shows is the logo and nothing else	0
Someone hacked my account and changed my DOB and now I can't change it back. Also, there aren't random genre Playlist. Only what someone has created.	0
The now playing bar is gone. The app is now useless	0
It's annoying like when ever I'm doing my play list it comes up with random songs that I don't like 😐 andit evens makes me so frustrated with this app I did it as a 1 star because it doesn't play Ur song it plays something else.	0
Fix your stupid app. It's been crashing for months now	0
Brilliant love the podcasts and the access to music	1
THIS IS A GOOD APP ESPECIALLY FOR SOMEONE WHO LIKES MUSIC !! (man i can't really function well without spotify honestly) The only problem is, why can't I subscribe to a premium plan using smart courier? As a student, that's the only way I can pay for premium. It only says "oops, something went wrong, please try again." which happened to me lots of times. The GETPIN method used to work really well but now I can't get a pin. What to do? Or are you able to fix this? :(	1
It's a wonderful app love it ..no problem at all ..and it's really nice coz you have all sorts of different genres of music 🎶 to choose from so yeah well done 👍 Spotify.. great app and I will also recommend it to my family and friends 💓.cheers mate	1
Very helpful if finding new music and genre's and it let's me feel somewhat of a personalized selection when finding music	1
Very annoying app for the Android version. Yes, I am using the free version, but it does not mean I cannot back track a playlist, only giving forward/next track option. Cruel thing you have got. I still prefer the PC version. And if you like get the Windows version spoilt too.	0
Good app I like the way it gives the freedom of choosing your own artists	1
Am enjoying this app Spotify l get all the music l want and it's very less on data usage	1
The worst app ever... Was working fine for a few but now I can't even login and i used to use this app for studying but now as i can't even login it's becoming awful.... Spotify please as soon as possible resolve this issue... I like this app. I mean i love it but now i am disappointed... Please solve i want to study happily.... Please please please 🥺	0
Downloaded the app but it is not opening.	0
Amazing app! And it gets even better when you get the premium!	1
Love it. On demand, can download papists for when offline, Blend playlists with family /friends	1
I just facing a issue When we play a playlist when 1st song ends it play something totally different song that song not in a playlist also I am disappointed by this 😕	0
Regardless if you use free edition or buy premium, you will ALWAYS get ads. Will upgrade score when Spotify fixes this but I don't see it happening as Ive used Spotify premium for years	0
Perfect place to find music	1
Most recent update is the worst yet. Extreme lag, constantly having to restart the app, and the new Library feature is 10 steps back from the previous UI. Please address these issues or I will no longer be paying for this service.	1
We really need a feature to hide censored songs. It might come as a surprise to you but most of the users are adult and will not die of a heartattack if they hear a swear word in a song. However we get annoyed when we hear our favorite songs edited out	0
I love how when you put in a certain artist it gives you a list of songs in the same genre. Really makes it easier to look up songs and hear new ones you've never heard before 😎👍👍	1
Why the hell can't you play selective music or stop random music being added to playlists that are related to anything never thought I'd say SoundCloud is better	0
Hi, so when i play any songs and randomly a song pop-up a different song, so i was like WHAT THE HECC IS WRONG WITH SPOTIFY, so yea i gave you a bad review	0
Mobile app sucks, I can't select a specific song on one of my Playlist. It plays recommended, ok right like I crafted a Playlist of sea shanties so I could listen to "Misty Mountians" from LOTR, $%×$ off	0
My Spotify is not working for more than 2 weeks . When I am going to any playlist it's say the playlist Is empty and in the liked songs section it's saying something is wrong	0
I've used Spotify for years and it's the best.	1
Fabulous love listening to all the oldies	1
Saved my ride experience on a long trip.	1
I love this app because this app was very useful to relax and enjoy the rest of the day	1
The app keeps having an error where it doesn't show what's playing, which means you can rewind, fast forward or pause. SO ANNOYING!!	0
Best app for songs 😇😇	1
Very wide selection, incredible	1
Superb quality & fabulous list of songs I'm thankful to your team.	1
Good content, less advertising	1
The best at this music streaming platform	1
Phone remote to tablet to stereo(s), excellent programming. Excellent entertainment. Spotify is so good you just might quit watching tv...Fantastic playlist generator, and perfect operation with only 2G of freespace. And You, You will have fun-guaranteed-and thats just the free version. Home cache clear.	1
Great sound quality!!	1
It was terrible and not a pleaseant experinece. The music sucns and couldnt find the crazy frog remix of all time............	0
Don't know why i can't use the app anymore. The screen always stuck at the logo	0
For the past month I've had to either clear the clutter or clear what's been saved or delete and install again more than I can count I love the music on Spotify but every time I'm listening to something and it skips it and the settings aren't off I mean every now and then it just works fine but then after a while it starts skipping again or it starts changing when I'm not ready to change the music I don't know if this is a system error I downloaded every possible update ???????? Thank you	0
It it too good music app during travel time .It shows rarely ads and gives good sound and many more functiona ..I loved it ..I used to enjoy very much this app ...thanks and good luck Spotify team..	1
They updated it to where I can't use my favorites playlist or any playlist and to the point where I can't listen to any song I'd like to listen to. I am highly disappointed in this.	0
I love now being alone because my god and Spotify is with me ..	1
I have very eclectic musical tastes and Spotify connects me to music I love from all genres and eras. It has also been a wonderful way for me to connect musically with my son as we expand each other's musical universe. I find it also has more content in my favorite genres such as old reggae, than the other leading service. I joined Spotify a few years ago and it has improved my life in so many great ways.	1
Honestly I didn't start truly enjoying Spotify until I started using the Student plan for Premium, but it's worth it. Easy listening, easy playlist organization, good quality music.	1
I always enjoy the music	1
Annoying... can't turn off notifications	0
There's some adds but it's usually fine	1
Unable to open the app	0
I have paid 7rs for one day just to check the app...it did not activated at all...	0
All and different music..love it!	1
The quality is good but song suggestion is worst part of this app	0
LOVE ❤️ my ONLY app for music and podcasts!	1
Bro you have to pay to skip songs and you only get six. I think am going to YouTube now spotify is bullshiz	0
Used to be my go to music app. I used to hold it as the standard. Now the music recommendations suck, the premium features are no longer worth paying for, and the lite version is sub par compared to other music apps out there...so after 7 years, I'm saying sayonara.	0
Something is going wrong. The app want wiring yesterday. It'll start playing songs then stop and not restart. So I closed Theo app and relaunched it and it'd just stop again. So I made sure it was updated, cleared data and cache, then I uninstalled and re-installed and now it will not even open.	0
A very good app , recommended to all my friends	1
Very good all the music you want	1
This app is the absolute worst. Why pay for premium and your user cant even access music from the app without it crashing daily or freezing altogether?	0
Songs are streaming but when trying to search song getting no internet connection message	0
Amazing music app	1
Using a Samsung Galaxy A10. App stopped working after a recent software update - all playlists are empty or I get the message "Oops, something went wrong". Hope this gets resolved soon.	0
this app is not good because it keeps shuffling songs i just want to hear one song not playlist it should take away the shuffle like if you want it shuffled then do it on your playlist	0
Not working.. Clear the catch, clean data.. Everything ll be try to open.... Nw what can do, iz working probably...???	0
Spotify was my fav app till the updated it now it sucks i hate the new update you just can't turn off the shuffle button it's not even showing it now and it makes me soo mad all i want to say is,You have ruined spotify and everyone's saying the same thing you better fix this issue	0
Its good, i don't get ads without purchasing the subscription . I've used it for like 5 months its working perfectly. I find all the songs that i want from acroos the world. Keep up the good work :)	1
Love it , though would love more old stuff too	1
Outstanding music streaming. Even obscure music can be found. Rarely issues and when they occur they are fixed quickly.	1
Smooth experience only challenge is not able to identify original or remix	1
Buggy mess. Don't use if you want to listen to podcasts. No player until you open the app back up and a lot of the time it's missing. I have to close the app and reopen just to find the pause button. Also it's way too sensitive and often accidentally skip the episode by the slightest "swipe" and often shows finished when I go back which is infuriating when the podcast is hours long. BRING US A PLAYER!	0
I enjoy listening to my music when I want I also like how I can adjust the next song to come in as the other song is almost over	1
So good but only if u have spotify primuim	1
Soo trash wayy to many ads I don't want premium but too much ads	0
Very Op songs and very good	1
Because of I listen all bts song in Spotify	1
In the latest update they adopted pandora's 'you must have premium to have a nonshuffled playlist' and everything is now a radio station making playlists redundant unless you're premium. Honestly I'd rather use youtube, soundcloud, or my old tablet that can still play nonshuffled songs. Or the spotify web player cause it's only mobile that's suffering this Also too many ads not enough ad breaks. And they can string 15 ads together, crash the device, and make you listen to 5 more.	0
Started as an almost 5/5 app. But then product managers started to "improve" the product and with each upgrade the product is less usable for me. It's more about what they want you to listen to instead of what you want to listen to. Offline songs get deleted on a regular basis so you have to re-download them again and again. Last time I learned that on an airplane...	0
The app is good but at times it stops playing all of a sudden	1
I listen to music many hours every day. Spotify has such a great variety of music. I love their custom daily playlists. I find music I find music I haven't heard in years in them, fantastic.	1
Super music player i enjoy it	1
Easy to use and great selections	1
My app is not opening ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................	0
After the update I cannot play the music I want it just keep playing the song that are suggested and not on my playlist,please remove this feature it ruins the whole app.	0
1year yusing dis app dis in nice song	1
I've had Spotify premium since 2017 and it's never failed to provide the right tunes when nessecary. Never need wifi to play a song. Spotify is the BEST!!!	1
DO NOT USE SPOTIFY if you intend to store music offline to an external storage card. There is a massive issue with the app not recognizing the card after a restart and trying to re-download all your offline music to internal storage creating multiple locations in the process. It's only been an issue for about 7 years so the developers clearly haven't got a clue how to resolve it, they just palm to off with the usual reinstall advice WHICH DOESN'T WORK.	0
Worst app I pay for. I have to delete it and re-install at least 3 to 4 times a week. It either stops playing after 10 minutes or won't stop playing. I have to open the phone and close the app. Then it starts playing when I get back in the car and won't stop when I get out of the car. I have to open the phone, open the app and delete the app.	0
And again - Nothing has changed! Original post🤦‍♂️- The App now: Stops every 10 minutes. Carrys on playing & cannot be shut down. Does not upload. Yes, I've uninstalled. The latest update is poor, I have no idea how the UX or QA cycle ever got signed off. Downloaded content will not play when you move onto another episode. Cuts out. UI looks crowded and not smooth at all. Paying premium for a product that does not work properly. Acknowledge & own the faults Spotify, then fix! Thanks	0
It's a very good app! It doesn't shows ads very often..i can skip or play many songs and then the ad may play but not always.	1
Never ending music pleasure	1
At first it was grt but now It's not at all working like before. I select a song but it plays another	0
You basically can't use it without premium at all. Also bugs and It shows I'm offline despite playing music from my own playlists just fine, but I can't search for music. Unusable mess pushing weird stuff on me when it does see the Internet connection. Unless you pay and build your own playlists, knowing exactly what you want to listen to yourself I'd never recommend. It's for people that love music itd for average person what doesn't know what to listen to and can get manipulated by algorithm	0
Spotify is really good And with it lyrics when playing music	1
Man Spotify's the 🐐. Great to know that it has put COVID warning in the appropriate episodes of Joe Rogan Podcast. ( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°)ᕤ	1
Amazing bro but lessen the adds to like every ten songs instead of two💀	1
Too many ads	0
Great music any music u like to hear	1
It's amazing to be able to find and listen to songs you haven't heard in ages and the recommendations lead you to bands you forgot about ! Thanks 😊. Update 7-21-22 it's still worth the payment. I've favored many songs from their suggestions, you asked me to rate again and I see why. You're awesome Spotify !	1
No change to my Spotify app. Funny how it doesn't work for me on my Android yet my wife and sons have no problems with their phones? Maybe it is because I openly criticize the Bozo some people elected to be president and the fact police are bold as ever? Spotify I'll be closing you out and you will get no more money from me. Let's Go Brandon !	0
Good music but I can't stream music through data so only downloaded music while on the road :(( didn't have that the past couple years	0
This app is great as it makes play lists depending on what you've listened to before and generally puts together a good list for you to listen to.	1
I love the playlists and the wide variety of songs and podcasts	1
Outstanding application..this app can cunsume a little data. It has an advertise in m7CH quantity..	1
If I can't change the theme of my lyrics at least give me nice themes because your current themes are very boring	0
You can find any track you want brilliant app.	1
Trash login system. ... Whenever i try logging into some other device through my mobile number...the OTP never arrives. 😠 . . . STOP BEGGING FOR PREMIUM.	0
My only and favorite app for music. I pay for premium to skip all the commercials but enjoy the fact you can follow friends playlists and make multiple playlists of your own in the library. Best music app thus far. 💚	1
I just love Spotifyyyyyyy!!!!	1
I do not recommend this. It keeps playing extra songs and not the ones I want. I hate this	0
Well i dont have a prob is that when i try to listen to music it gives me 1 or 2 ads and then says i have 30min of no ad but only last 10min and also now it gives me 8 or 9 ads	0
Very Good Music Quality 😊	1
why do you keep updating it ffs your making it worse! if it aint broke dont fix it whoever makes the updates for this sack them on the spot hes a retard.	0
The best, deleted other streaming app when I found out about Spotify. So perfect	1
Just the best app to listen to music.	1
Fabulous and entertaining really appreciated. Thank you 😊	1
Very good play list	1
A good music streaming app	1
I like Spotify even more now that there's lyrics to the songs. I also like Spotify because I can leave the app, do other things on my phone and still be able to listen to the music.	1
Brilliant ap - have the paid for version. The free one is difficult to use as the songs don't play in order. But the paid for ap is fantastic.	1
Easy app to use and enjoy	1
Recently spotify hasn't been letting me listen to songs and says that all playlists that I click on are empty (even random ones) whenever I click on my library it's empty even tho I know I havent deleted any of my playlists, whenever I go to my own profile they are all there though and it's getting really annoying since this is a streaming app that I love	0
Fine app if you want to pay for the service and I try to listen without premium service and you got to go through 10 ads before playing and you can only listen to your list as they play it and if you skip you only get 6 skips per hour to listen to your own song list. Wasn't this way when I started this app about a month ago... It's a shame	0
Spotify you need to fix your app ok? I was literally listening to in the middle of the night and boom it plays a random song so plss Spotify bring back the repeat ft because I love this app and it can be improved but I think your just doing this so more people purchase premium.this is a money grab I can just purchase premium but I have more thing to deal with so pls Spotify bring back the repeat ft	0
Great App. All Songs available at a single click.Amazing.	1
Best music app on the planet	1
The best music app EVER, I got everything I need in just one app	1
I love Spotify but it's always makes difficult to listen and I really hate that and there's always bags	0
Got a free 2 month premium trial from a friend and started getting ads after one month. Also, sound quality is inferior to Pandora.	0
After every song I would get about 3-4 ads. Features are very limited, limited skips, shuffle only overall a really bad app. I would reccomend only using the desktop version but ads are really incessant there too.	0
Great app the ads are not bad at all,I love it 🥺❤️🤞so boring that you have to pay before you can download any songs 💔😓😭	1
I love the content....but this app continually crashes. The podcast keeps playing but there is no way to stop it without closing the app completely. Been this way for months.	0
This may be a good app until I wanted to play a song, a specific one to say. But it always shows a "suggested" song that I dont want and I cant even stand it anymore so please fix this cause all we want is some music.	0
I can renew my payment on this app with my Nigeria card and it annoying 😒	0
Can't even choose a song. If you select a specific song, the app will choose some other song for you.	0
The mobile version of Spotify is currently unusable on my device. There isn't a way to play individual songs from a playlist or an album. The only upside is that podcasts work as expected.	0
Doctor who and soundtracks mostly also I hop it free so far	1
when it says free premium for a month it should mean free premium for a month not sign up for spotify premium that doesnt make sense and u shouldn't have to wait for skips and u need to remove songs we added i hate the songs you added	0
Downloading a playlist only means you'll have the first 10 seconds of each song. Embarrassing. I switched to this after Google got rid of Google music. I guess nothing good exists anymore.	0
Best music/podcast app ever	1
Damn i hate spotify!! When i want to click my favourite it turns out a different song!!! UGH I GONNA UNINSTALL THIS APP SERIOUSLY MAKE ME ANGRY😡🙄	0
Best music app out there! Joe Rogan for life!!	1
Was logged out out of nowhere and now im stuck in login page tried every troubleshooting steps in their website but to no avail. My brother has the same phone make and model but his Spotify is working fine.	0
Excellent sound quality	1
This app is so good like you can make a blend with your favourite artist and bands	1
Brings me back to the olden days Junior High High School good music love it😎😊	1
I lost all of my Playlists and I can't figure out how to retrieve them. My everyday phone has my music but my phone that just have Spotify, no music. But both phone are on the same account.	0
The best in the universe speaking of music listening..	1
Probably the most frustrating app in the store. Crashes often. Many features just don't work. (like add to queue doesn't even work) I'm a paid subscriber and quite disappointed.	0
Great App Stream Music and Listen Offline	1
Constantly says I have no internet connection when I do	0
Took 3 payments from my account in 1 month , when I contacted them theysaid they couldn't refund me and I could cancel the app if I wished to do so and left it at that.... ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
You can't find out if the song you searched up is the one you want cause when you select it it plays literally any song, but the song you asked for	0
Best app in world!!! No issues with ads (comes only sometimes), network problem (never ever if you are having broadband) and song volume or quality... I love this app😍😍😍	1
Not sure how spotify manages to be a 7 billion dollar company and also an app that literally doesn't work half the time but I can't find an app like it so here we are	0
No ads, just music	1
Best music player ever	1
i cannot live without Spotify.	1
This app is great, it has (almost) every song I really enjoy. Def a 5 star rating	1
Great app to listen bts song	1
You have taken down so many albums and songs, offline mode is horribly slow. I am switching to YouTube music. I wish I had done this sooner.	0
Overall fantastic service their library of genres is phenomenal	1
Too much ads now a days. So uninstalling the app.	0
There so much ads after every single songs	0
LIVE Spotify!!! I refuse to use any other music app. XOXO	1
It's not Spotify It's adsify. Ads will come even after you heard a single song, Full of ads, that is of 30sec..... Worst experience ever 🤧	0
Good app for listening music but one problem creates that is sometimes you chose another music to listen in between ads are disturbing to you 😔😔😔😔😔😔😔.....	1
I give premium a 5 but the free version is kinda bad, They make you listen to a certain amount of songs then you have to wait to be able choose what song you want to listen to.	1
Unexplainable. I'm extremely happy eith Spotify ever since i been introduced to it last year by a friend. I'm rating 5 🌟's	1
Really like having limited ad's and they don't take up the whole screen.	1
I love Spotify just Awesome ❤️	1
Worst app i have ever used. When you try to login it shows that it has an issue try later and not even twice or thrice but always. Please Spotify either look after this or you will have trouble later.	0
Amazing app with premium	1
Wide array of beautiful music. Thank you	1
Solid. Very enjoyable.	1
Very nice music application	1
I find my old tunes on Google and your right there to add awsome	1
I love it I find all my fave music n new songs that come out I like that if u buy subscription u don't have any commercial	1
First the users were entitled to get 30mins of uninterrupted ad free music , and now u play a song u will find a ad .Just Fed up with them .	0
The user experience is amazing.	1
I love having the music of the world under my fingers.	1
Toooooo many ads for premium. Seems truly irritating	0
Great app tons of music	1
Great app. Good connectivity	1
Perfect -- extremely well designed, seamless across all my devices, fast/responsive, simple interface. Kudos to the development team and UI designers.	1
I've changed my mind and they have improved this app.	1
Excellent app. Very rarely is a song choice not available.	1
As always great app, what would we do without Spotify.	1
I give this app a 1 because there is a problem i always click on a song and put another it is so bad	0
I enjoyed this app the first week I listened the songs on it	1
The Thunderstorm Podcast is what it is because of Spotify!! Anchor you're awesome!!!!	1
Deleted. Started auto playing weird stuff. Turned off all auto play buttons but clearly not enough. There are better apps	0
Super and nice songs to enjoy music	1
Not only does Spotify glitch, it also shuts down all apps 😐 even if I'm only running one app 😐 now I have to cancel my subscription because I can't use it as it's only connected to Spotify. But wait, I tried Spotify Lite so that I didn't waste my subscription.. same thing, just worse. Not even latest version works. More Bug Fixes Needed -Don't subscribe- How come there are ads in the podcast episodes when I've bought premium to avoid ads? Doesn't make much sense.	0
This app has great sound quality and easy to use	1
When I entered my Spotify my account all missed up and no longer showing or allowing me to access the Playlists I made or any artists and my favorite music's. Poor service 😡	0
So many ad disturbances kindly without premium, suggestion take the all problem seriously..thanks..	0
Kept pausing for no reason so i tried to uninstall and then reinstall. Now the app won't open past the spotify logo. I have been a premium subscriber for years but now if this doesn't start working soon I'll have to try a different service. Very disappointing.	0
Spotify is so cool	1
This is the best app to listen to music and release you stress ❤🧡💛💚 I would use this app 24/7💯	1
I love that I can make my own playlists and I also enjoy those created for me. Have found some new bands!	1
As a consumer an a artist Spotify been good with innovation on algorithms. Pay could be better but they put my song in front of different audiences who now follow everywhere	1
Was reading some reviews and im quite disapointed, so many complains about skiping or ads or songs added to a playlist, please upgrade to premium. The COMPANY and the ARTISTS are not making any money from free accounts, and then you hear most complains from these individuals, if you cant afford it yet pls dont give 1 to 2 stars to an app that you are freeloading from. Our plan is spot family, P214($3.8) for 6 fam members, that is P36 ea person/ month. Doesnt even dent ur monthly income friends	1
I like spotify it is good . Pls put new songs on it .	1
Great price for a great service. Love, love, love	1
Best music experience!!!	1
Love it . There when I'm In need of a familiar sound to match my mood	1
That's so cool kinda app but its little bit weird ❤	1
Awesome I love the music sound	1
Really good app, have had it for 5 years and has always been great. I listen to everything, sometimes Lags a bit but I think it's just down to the amount of tunes I have	1
I get to hear two songs, and then get 3 ads in a row, then I might be able to listen to 5 songs, but then get 4 ads in a row. When I first started using this app, I thought it was okay, but now all I seem to hear are ads, and suggested songs that I didn't add to any of my playlists. And why are they trying to get me to listen to country? I'm not a fan of that genre, but when I click the minus botton it plays 3 ads in a row. I know I'm one person, but this is really frustrating.	0
If I pay for an ad free experience, I expect my content to be ad free. Spotify double-dipping and forcing me to listen to ads on podcasts, even though I pay for a premium subscription, is a disappointing display of unnecessary greed. That coupled with the fact that downloadable, offline listening is a promised feature that almost NEVER works makes me wonder why I have a subscription in the first place.	0
I can't open spotify. I've reinstalled a lot of time already and nothing.	0
It keeps crashing n turning off.	0
I am using Spotify premium and Podcasts are not working anymore. Big downgrade. Do sth about it and soon.	0
I had this for 4 years, and the newest update? I can't work it i logged in, everything is "empty" and stuff like that. Like??? Please fix it?????	0
Really irritating that everytime I select one of my playlist it just loads forever or shows a blank screen, forcing me to restart the app.	0
This app is a better then any other music app.👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾	1
Cannot fault Spotify. 💚	1
It is a great overall experience with Spotify	1
I need help!!! My spotify NOT OPEN!!!! PLEASE.	0
Refuses to work on my phone works fine on other devices have tried all steps to get it to work with zero success not good enough for something I pay for.	0
So much to receive with this app. Brings back so many memories "even If I forgotten all about it the song remembers when"	1
new update is hot trash. select library and it puts you immediately into your playlists. what happens if i don't use playlists? now you just added an extra step for no purpose. artists are now randomly listed. no alphabetical order. no rhyme or reason. I've downloaded these songs dozens of times and everytime they do another ill conceived update all songs are deleted yet again. albums are a disaster. no organization.	0
Love all the music.... uninterrupted	1
One word describes spotify, AWESOME!	1
It's amazing, just bummer that you can't get songs that are only found on YouTube on Spotify but otherwise I like this app a lot	1
Listening to my favorite artists and letting me branch out to find music everyday is the best experience. Always something new and I'm here for it	1
Good service. Far too many bugs and annoying features.	0
Spotify rocks. I use premium and it's elite, love it more than Pandora for sure. Spotify makes it easy to listen to what you love and helps you explore! My music has expanded a lot thanks to Spotify. 10/10 would recommend.	1
Really good selection of music	1
I was having a great experience but near a year ago the app shut down so I had to reinstall it . I couldn't login into my ID even though every information was correct . I had to make new account and soon as I made it I was logged off . Now I'm using the Chrome version of it. Hoping the bugs can be fixed!	0
Music access is fine but app is extremely buggy and often crashes	0
And everytime i listen to the song it plays then it stops	0
Switched from Live X a year and half ago and also had Apple Music. Spotify is the best.	1
Hey my music don't play right it doesn't play it doesn't pause but when it does the bar at the bottom doesn't show and the bar on my notifications doesn't disappear and another bar on my notification keeps saying Spotify connections ??!!!!!!!!!!🤔😒	1
I already disliked this app on mobile anyway but the experience i am having is souring my thoughts on it more. On console and desktop its awsone! But on mobile you really would use this. I repeatedly try to skip songs i already have hidden on the first place so they shouldnt play anway but they still do. And even if i hide a song i dont like it still plays which annoys me. You are better off using some other app than this on mobile. 0/10 if i could give it that rating.	0
Best music streaming app you can find!	1
Spotify is my music source. With premium being so affordable, I don't have to listen to any other music platform, cause Spotify does everything possible. You can't find a reason not to put good vibes out there for their music platform. Get all your music needs from Spotify, they understand music. Good Job Spotify.	1
Cant control phone volume from GW4. Have to come out of Spotify and then load up media controller to control phone volume	0
The amount you pay for premium is ridiculous, given that you have access to almost every song you want to find and that you can even download it to listen to it while offline.	1
It says no internet connection available even though I am connected . Maybe there is no connection for another entity to manipulate the data packets that the manipulated music is attempting to inject. Just like the rest of the world. I wonder if you are liable for damages to people thought process	0
It's nice because even if I don't have the paid for service I can still have music without it open on my screen unlike YouTube which not only wants me to keep my screen on but frequently pesters me if I'm still watching it. Which is very inconvenient for use while doing anything else at the same time, especially if I'm trying to wash dishes...	1
Got pretty much all want in music not without exception though. Still the best there is in my opinion by a long shot.	1
After new update... Only loading screen no song nothing	0
Throughout the years more and more things are taken away from free Spotify and made premium only. What a greedy app.	0
I can't use anymore my acct prem from abroad..what's happening to you Spotify ..kaloka ka😏	0
Works do hood and plays my favorite music	1
Lots of good sounds for free!	1
I cannot listen to music...whatever I want to listen to says playlist empty.	0
More ads than Hulu and YouTube combined. Going back to the pirates. ☠️	0
It's just music. Who doesn't like music?	1
Music cuts off here and there. This is from a premium subscriber	0
Like the music but it is a pain that spotify auto connects every time I get in the car or on the bike. Even if I was listening to a podcast or some other music streaming service. Probably delete it before the week is out unless I find out how to stop it.	0
Worst place to listen to podcasts. Do not expect to pick up where you left off cause Spotify can't even get there timestamp right. Very glitchy all of the time and never works the same way twice, GOOD LUCK	0
Stop adding suggested songs I hate it all I want is to listen to a rickroll AND I CANT I HAVE TO LISTEN TO STUPID SONGS fix this OR IM DELETING SPOTIFY FOREVER	0
Easy to find what music you like.	1
Soooo many ads...... quick tip: quit your app when an ad plays and reopen it to no ad. Works well	0
This the most trashiest music app I've ever download dont but anything from this app its useless	0
Perfect , i want student premium but i can't find my college	1
Somebody connected to my account with a different email and I had no access to my playlists or account and no help from spotify to rectify the problem, deleted the app...	0
Im getting really tired of it getting glitched out on me and constantly having to Uninstall and reinstall it especially when I pay for premium every month. Like come on. Do better. and NOW it's not even loading. it won't let me in. I unstalled and installed twice and still, nothing.	0
Too many ads and some covers are not there	0
When I got to play a song it brings me to a playlist and I can't just enjoy song that I want to listen to it's annoying that they add random songs to my playlist and I can't skip them	0
Unable to download music and yes I do have a premium account.	0
Fantastic to have all that music to choose from	1
Really glad I found this, since finding it I have gotten rid of all my other music apps.	1
I can't add songs from one playlist to another, the app kicks me out sometimes. I have premium.	0
I love Spotify! I have acsess to all my favorite music 24/7 365. Theres only been one song that they didnt have. I have a huge genre. Like i tell my children, me and Spot be hanging out everyday, everywhere and any time!!❤	1
Best music app with social sharing features	1
Great to stream just what I want, whenever I want	1
This Stinks! I hate it!!! why even Make a Premium?!! why can't we just enjoy it for Free like the other music Things!! it's Stupid as Flip :/	0
If I'm listening to a podcast, after playing one episode it will stop and won't load anything. It's no just paused it's just like the whole thing breaks. They always play 'suggested songs' even if I have a playlist with a ton of songs already there. Also, when I pause it, I come back and its playing again.	0
After new update its only 6 shuffle	1
Great app,if possible please add sleep timer .	1
Alway find the Music I want to Listen to!!!	1
The app doesn't let you manage your Premium subscription, you literally have to use the browser version. 1/5 stars	0
It won't work anymore everything I click on it says it's empty, and I've deleted it and reinstalled it, and idk whatelse to do.	0
This app has so many insperation.it helps me calm down,relax. I love this app sosososososososososososososo much it is amazing ❤️‍🩹✨	1
Like this new update sucks! Old SPOTIFY was better! Just give up your dreams I want to play my song	0
Used to be a good app. Now it will pick Playlists I don't even listen to, nor have I ever listened to them. With the free version you will listen to 3 ads before maybe two songs if you're lucky. Going back to Pandora or just sticking with YouTube.	0
Overall great music i would definitely say this is the best music app.	1
All types of songs are available here and no stopper and all. Love it.	1
songs are hidden but only in certain playlists and not in others?? I can't unhide them? what is going on. im a premium member and I know that shouldn't be an issue. updated and reinstalled and still not working	0
Easy app to use and search for your favorite tunes	1
Without premium subscription, it's not been audible quality. It's not my words but your own as per your new add.	0
I love listening to music and I love this app	1
Ive really liked spotify especially when they finally added tool songs. There my favorite band	1
l Acknowledge your good the good job on social media...... and keep it up	1
Amazing music service!	1
The song that I want to listen doesn't even play it keeps playing other songs..n spoils my whole mood 😮‍💨 I wish u could sort this prob asap	0
I love spotify's premium version but these days I can't seem to gat premium I hope you could fix the prepaid option for premium because its having a lot of errors. I am really disappointed and annoyed by it.	0
The app is amazing no ads and can hear all the music i like	1
It always plays the same songs, and making playlists is extremely tedious. If you want to add more than one song by the same artist you have to search for them over and over again after each song added.	0
So great indeed, every sort of music is available	1
All I wanted to say is this app has features that blow "Pandora" out of the water! Great library of selections to choose from! 👍	1
Great for news and life encounters	1
Every time I have tried to open, it doesn't load, and instead just shows the logo. I'll improve rating if it is fixed.	0
Thanks for this app we can slecet artist in Spotify and very good quality of sound Thanks	1
This app is so annoying I make my Playlist and then it just adds random songs and I can't even delete them I deleted the app and going to find a new one	0
Previous update is worst! Songs are like music in a pirated cd that has glitched or "jumping"! And now even in premium i cannot download songs after uninstalling and installing the apps. Like im paying for nothing. 🙄🙄🙄	0
Always opens when connected to Bluetooth via vehicle. O select option not to auto start...still auto start. Would give 5 stars but this kills it for me.	0
Worst app ever I can't even sign into this app!! It tells me again and again that the combination of my email and password is incorrect !! Worst app!!😡	0
Using this app since a year now but nowadays the quantity of advertisments are so maore means first I used to recommend people that they can use this app as the music quality is also great and not so much ads but now the ads are uncountable means after every 2 songs they will keep ads they are giving pressure to purchase premium.	0
This app is great. The only problem that I have with it is that it is really laggy. Some of my songs won't play will use my skips. Also, I'll use one skip and the app won't let me use any more of my skips. This was all a while ago but I thought I should let you guys know. I have premuin now and it works great.	1
ALWAYS has great selection of Music to choose from.	1
Great for road trips and working! I enjoy making my own playlists as well as listening to the suggestions that Spotify comes up with based on my previous plays. The family membership helps cut costs as well. I can share music with my husband and vice versa!	1
Why does this application always stop suddenly? I was enjoying the song and it kept stopping? Please fix this issue. Thank you.	0
Great music that you can't find on Pandora. Music is clear and good quality for the speakers I am listening through, whether it be my car or headphones, great quality.	1
Wonderfully easy app to use which has huge flexibility and amazing features many of which I have not used properly yet. Highly recommended for anyone who wishes to have audio playing as part of their life.	1
Used to be my go-to app but since this last update it won't let me transfer my files to my data to my SD card, my data connection is NOT very good so I download my most listened to music for offline hence the SD card but now it doesn't work so 1 star... You will belucky if this app remains on my phone	0
Love group listen and shared playlists	1
Easy to compile playlist	1
Makes work more enjoyable! ☺️	1
Absolutely perfect,the best music app to use,its fast and effective.i gave it five star beacuse i love it.keep up the good work.	1
Spotify is currently playing suggested songs and nothing actually on my playlists and won't give me my six free skips. It's very irritating. I love this app but not when it does this, please fix.	0
Virtually any song at my fingertips, podcasts from my favorite creators, and I can take them to have with needing internet to stream! ♡	1
The app is extremely buggy now a days. I love the service, the app is garbage	0
Not a good experience at all . I would like to know why my card is billed from this service? Because I never joined this service ever .. I sent an email to cancel after this payment came out on my card .. to find out how and what Is happening and no response.	0
Why is it when we choose a song this other random song plays!? I hate the "update" pls change it	0
I will give this a one star cause the new update of this apps is like making me angry everytime I play my favorite song it will change now I will give this 1 star	0
Music lovers biggest fan. Spotify doesn't mess around when it comes to music.	1
Fabulous. Bye bye CD, LP & cassette collection of 1,000+ albums, hello unlimited music 🤘🤘	1
It is a very nice app and I even saw versions of songs I didn't knew were there example tik tok	1
So far, so good! If Spotify would be open for suggestions, consider partnership with a strong online startup specializing in providing ACCURATE instrumental score to the songs WE, your customers, listen to. (I'm sure a creative mind would see this and take it to the team.)	1
Easy to navigate. Not too many ads.	1
So much music, not enough time	1
My always go to app ... Loved every feature of it... Only thing I hate is ads... but other than that everything is perfect..	1
This was so amazing until the new update. I'm really disappointed from this app,any song I want to play I can't play, they play different songs from that playlist it's really irritating the new update of this app is making me sick. I'll surely uninstall it if they keep on doing this to me. We can't skip more than 6 times per hour just because we didn't buy the premier that's really rude. Clear all the issue asap. I don't even want to give 1 star because of it's functions but it's necessary :))	0
Ada are not related to anything I'd be interested in at all but with premium the app is amazing.	1
Very clear sound	1
Worst music app ever in the history!! Ads per every 2 songs. Uninstalling it!	0
Please Remove Episode For You (podcast) from Spotify Home Page.	1
While ads are indeed annoying, the most annoying thing on this app is that it adds songs to your playlists without allowing you to remove them. I've tried hiding the songs but nothing works. Not only that but the limited skips are a true pain to many users who can't get premium.	0
Amazing experience but too adds	1
This is a good app for songs and podcast but tgere was a issue in the miniplayer on the notification bar. It was showing multiple screens at a time but I fixed it by changing the app notification settings from my phone settings.	1
Excellent but too many advertisement	1
Excellent app took a while to understand how to use no problems now	1
My music skips like a broken cd. Still skips like a scratched cd ugh. I pay too much for these issues.	0
Every now and then, the media player won't launch. Which means you can can't fast-forward, rewind or skip thru playlists of podcasts. And occasionally the crashes.	0
local files cannot ne read anymore. please fix.	1
You cannot subscribe via mobile load. The support said "it shouldn't take long" and it's already been a week.	0
The best ! Very pleased with the app	1
I've been listening to music with Spotify for well over a decade. It's been really cool watching it grow into the app I now know and love. It's super helpful that I can search for songs by lyrics and song recognization. I do wish the player would automatically show up in my push notifications like it used to on my old phone but I think that's more of a design flaw in my new device's software.	1
Love the variety of music 🎶	1
Excellent sound effect	1
Why is controlling spotify on my pc from my phone so broken now, what are we even paying for?	0
I keep my Spotify updated but it keeps messing up and won't load my Playlist so I'm paying for a horrible service	0
The app is perfect but after I cancelled my subscription Thay take the money every month non stop. In the app it's saying Free Account and still take the money.	0
Why? I play the song and other song playeddd whyyyyyyy I'm so desapoindet	0
It is not showing lyrics in my phone ,,,. Now its good 👍	1
Always getting ads	0
App glitches when running in the background and if you pause with the Bluetooth command, you can't play unless you open the app. Sometimes podcasts pause for no reason. Sometimes the podcast keeps playing, but the "command bar" at the bottom disappears and you can't go back or pause. For all these reasons the app has to be closed and reopened frequently. This has been an issue forever now and I don't think the dev team will ever fix it.	0
Easy to use. Love it!	1
Please add high resolution audio support...the app is super laggy...and slow.	0
This is the best app... But there is so much ad	1
Ads after every 2 songs is ridiculous. I know you want people to pay for premium but this makes me want to get pandora again and pay for that.	0
Not working on Samsung S21 Ultra	0
Spotify makes it's so much harder to listen to my fav songs or playlist. The new update is just trush i wanna play song playlist in order but it's just automatically shuffles. Plus when i tried to listen to my playlist i hear songs i didn't even added. Spotify just wants your money at this point	0
Simple and functional app.	1
Remove this listenin on ........ popup. We cant search a song.	0
Spotify, honestly, is one of the greatest platforms out there for music. Basically all I have to say, nothing more to it.	1
Spotify wrapped is fire and Spotify in general just works very well. I like the enhanced option they added a while back and the lyric & syncing they added is nice. A lot of songs don't have lyric data available though, and even then some don't have syncing data. Still, great app and platform to find and listen to music. Get on a family plan with your friends	1
I keep having to reinstall. App will not function normally for over a month. It plays with the button on pause and there is no way to stop it besides force stop...or uninstall. I pay for premium. About to change to another app.	0
Where did the sing mode go, it was really fun!	1
Very high quality music	1
Seamless music and podcast streaming!	1
Very nice good work but remove those ads	1
Terrible spotify just wants to take your money and make you go premium for only a month you can only listen to your music without going premium on your computer you can't listen to it on the go.	0
Very easy to use, and I just love it. Plenty of music to play!	1
Why on earth have you taken a perfectly functional feature like Group sessions and made it worse? You've removed the ability to scan codes, which means when meeting new people I now have to somehow send them a link. You now default to playing music on all devices when I just want the music to come out of the one connected to the speakers. I don't get it, these changes are asinine. Whoever approved these changes need to be fired and you lot need to find the undo button.	0
Phone broken, bought new one, install Spotify and it won't play songs. My library is on home screen but not in library. Want my subscription money back. Plays on wife's phone but not mine, in fact every time I start Spotify it starts on her phone. Guess you idiots don't even look at these.	0
Good choice if music but it constantly adds random songs to my playlist which I find very annoying and when I'm trying to listen to a song it plays a different song by the same artist or a whole different song that I covered earlier, adds itself	0
Great sound quality and a wide range of music suggestions offered.	1
This is the bestest app I've ever found on play store	1
Spotify premium is so worth it!!! No ads, Unlimited music plays, download Playlists and podcasts to listen to offline. Great app, would recommend premium.	1
Mobile App keeps saying I am offline so I cannot login but I have Internet connection	0
terrible on mobile i need a subscription to listen to music i want to listen to?	0
It would have been better if they were lyrics or like the iTunes,01/07/2022 thank you for the lyrics 🥰	1
You people are utterly useless. Everytime there is an update for the app, something goes wrong. Now the app keeps saying there is no internet connection despite there being connection and all my songs are missing from the list. What are you people doing over there? And I'm a bloody premium member. Getting sick and tired of this.	0
This app is complete trash. Other apps that provide the same service are much more useful than spotify	0
Trying it our with light piano 🎹 music 🎶..very relaxing.	1
Can't download music offline even after purchasing premium plan	0
Worst app sometimes which I was listening won't come particularlly that podcast not opens please fix the bloody bug Spotify...........	0
This landscape is resourceful, no doubt about that	1
Amazing really it's very good app to listen ur heart favourite songs🥰✨	1
Spotify has been crashing a lot lately. Beginning to wonder why I pay for premium membership.	0
I've been trying to pay for Spotify premium family with my access and each time I input my card details, it shows "The payment failed. Please try again, use a different card or a different payment method" But I've used this card for over 3 months	0
AWFULL APP DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS APP YOU WILL REGRET. LITERALLY SPEAKING .I WANNA GIVE THIS APP -1000×INFINITE RATE .	0
Superior to all other music sharing apps.	1
Had a few issues but mostly enjoy it. Been using Spotify for year's and for me it's the best. Some song's are missing or can't be played but that's ok.	1
The update is so bad. I can't open my Playlist and play my music as I want. I can't put a song on replay... It's just bad	0
Very good app now I can listen to my favourite music without searching on YouTube for songs	1
Loving these group sessions, this app is really good for when you want to listen to music. Would recccccccommend	1
Gotta love how the ads interrupt the Rogan conversation. Not. I'm fine with ads. But not how they cut off what someone is sayi...	0
I love that I can search song.	1
Perfect app for music	1
This is very helpful when it comes to finding and listening to a good music🥰	1
Cool App, ❤️ it! Thanks to the Developer	1
Just buy premium and deal with it. I use spotify on my pc, xbox, and phone. Smooth app overall and the playlist creation is straight forward and much appreciated.	1
Why i didn't have the sing-along feature yet? Not available on both mobile app and desktop app 😞 i just updated the latest version. How to get it??	0
Excellent all the music you could wish for...	1
It's amazing. One thing is needed that those who haven't get premium they can't download music at least five can download without premium. But over in all i like Spotify.	1
App often hangs when opening library of downloaded podcast episodes.	0
Great stuff ! But I wish z top Carl Perkins song was still Honey, Don't.	1
Typical scum bag company makes it difficult to unsubscribe. Their algorithm is a waste of time it wont fund anythi g si.ilar to what u listen to.	0
Hope to be a free app :'( or make it to have a less advertisement	1
This app LOVES to stop playing randomly. Do you enjoy listening to music or a podcast? Hopefully you enjoy either one stopping on a dime for no reason at all...because it will. Whether on Bluetooth or not, be prepared for your listening experience to be interrupted by total silence on a regular basis. You'll have to pick up your phone to open the the app and restart it manually. This becomes impossible if you're driving. I've done everything i can to remedy this to no avail. Please fix!	0
Im really enjoying Spotify	1
Amazing for podcast 👍❤️ Quality level is Best 👍☺️	1
Too much ads	0
Good experiencing on spotify music	1
They just say listen add free songs for 30 mins, but after 1/2 songs, when I change the song, advertisements comes.	0
Shuffle function isn't very shuffle. I have about 500 songs I added to one playlist and I hear only about 20 of them repeated randomly every week on my drives to/from work.	0
I love spotify . I paid premium today but I can't log in It says offline As it sends a link It says expired link . Please cooperate. Thank you	1
Love how I can listen to all my fav songs and have followers pls follow Emily1111LOL thx	1
This app is not opening I even uninstalled and installed it 10 time's a day and it doesn't even opened......! I need a solution for this❗❗❗❗❗	0
Stotify is a great app and very user friendly 😎	1
Lots of songs connects to devices witch is really use fullfor me	1
Exceptional loads of music to listen for the young and not so young.	1
its really good and easy to use. i use it for a long long time. maybe you can give us discount hahahaha keep it up/good!	1
Each time I make a play list it always adds damn song that I don't want to listen to and I can't remove them and that's why i rate it a 1/5	0
no functions for convenient listening (I can't even pick the concrete song in the playlist), no pluses at all, uncomfortable application	0
One of the best music apps you can use no cap	1
Cool idea: when enlarging the real-time lyrics, you should be able to tap above or below sending the song forward or backward where you tapped 🙂	1
Spotify is good Because we can choose any music we want so we don't need YouTube	1
Trash .... my spotify has been giving me issues for days. Music is just not playing, I had to even delete my playlists. I'm unsubscribing	0
It's nice to have music at my fingertips	1
This app so great but Add is coming again and again just after 2 song Why so many adds plz do something	0
What is the fun of remainder ads remove remainder ads for the God sake	0
I had no problems with Spotify until a few days ago.. I used to link it to set my alarm but now it's not qorking the same.. Fix that issue and it's one of the best music apps ever....	1
They'll put money on hold for themselves in case you Subscribe, don't look see things pending in my account	0
I hate this app because it won't let me change the song it forces me to finish the song that is playing	0
This version its worse you cant play a song,The old version is better than this please change for us if not you are going to lose,its becoming worse	0
I'm using spotify as a premium member since multiple years on multiple different devices. Experience with this app is getting worse every day. Here's a collection of issues I had so far on Android (as I said it seems to be getting worse by the day) - crashes - freezes - random redownloading of your already downloaded music - wacky behavior when in offline mode - randomly starting to play music even if you don't want to - not showing the correct song - not being able to stop a song	0
I have a complaint . Spotify app will be not working on my device please clear the complain sudently .	0
Song recommendations is superb! But at atist profile in discovery section if possible pls ad- single, ep, album in 3 rows or column . So it will be more user friendly.	1
I like Spotify easy to use lot of different kind of music very enjoyable.	1
I love Spotify app, it helps u enjoy mor	1
Super fun and enjoyable	1
This is being a great app for music and podcast I have been using this app for many years now I have re installed it spotify is giving me little problem in listening for the podcast and playlist it's not opening my playlist so can you please just clear this problem otherwise the Apple great love this app ❤	1
Nothing but a good time every time I turn it on!	1
Can't find saved playlists on latest android update	0
It is very good for music and podcasts	1
I dont have the canvas feature in my spotify even after uninstalling and reinstalling it. I want that feature. How can I get that?	0
My screen just remains blank after opening the app. I tried clearing space, restarting the app and my phone but to no avail. I wrote the above review last year and now it has happened again.. right after I payed My premium. Like really Spotify???	0
Awesome and Easy-user!	1
Full of ads, a lot of times I get up to 5 30-second ads successively It's really annoying	0
Very easy to find any song you like no matter how old it is	1
When searching in "your library" it no longer shows playlists, it just shows artists. I want to look for my playlists under my library, not artists please change it back (4 updates later & it's still not fixed). And please stop pushing podcasts on the home screen, I never listen to them and even after selecting 'not interested in this show' the same show appears again. In fact 80% of the home page is recommendations that I will never click on, making it pointless and not worth checking.	0
It's really a good app.... 💜💜💜 😀 I love it 😊when I'm bored then I listen the songs on spotify for my mind fresh...nd the songs make me relax..😊😀😀😀😀	1
Easy way to hear yr favourite song ☺️	1
This app was fantastic all my favorite song was here	1
I Can't going to give this app even one star yrr Mtlbb Itne Ads Kon show krta wo v music app me it's a worst music app i hv ever had due to their ads after every two song.....😡😡this is very bad app	0
This a awsome music app i love it........❤️🥰	1
It's gotten so bad recently. The ads are so much louder than the music. After hearing a mellow song and being blasted at double the volume an ad really sucks. Now the app also strated to just stop playing and needs to be force shut down, most of the time it seems to get stuck at playing an ad, even though my internet connection is good.	0
This app very good every one should try it	1
It is very nice app. We can listen song with playing games also...😉😉	1
I'm seriously gonna delete the app, can't even pick a song of my choice! It randomly shuffle songs everytime 🙂 seriously annoying	0
Sound quality is just amazing, love everything about it	1
I have a problem in my spotify and that is "it is not opening,when i try to open my spotify it only shows the app icon on a black screen" pls help me spotify's team. It would mean alot!	0
I deleted than re downloaded the app and it got stuck on the loading screen, I've tried restarting my phone, deleting and re installing the app, and the website works fine but I really wanna listen to music, pls fix	0
Cant believe I pay $11 aud a month for a service that doesn't open.	0
Fantastic music app and probablythe best	1
Idk what is my Spotify's problem like whenever I open the app it says "no internet connection" and then i have to refresh it like 2-3 times then it works properly also sometimes when I play a playlist it jumps to another song of the playlist means it doesn't play one after one it jumps after 2-3 songs and play that another song.	0
Why do you still force adds if I already pay the premium subscription?	0
It's very easy to search music 🎶🎵🎶	1
The free version of Spotify is great on pc and the xbox, but terrible on phone. I only use it to edit my playlists. Just use youtube.	0
Nibgjk. Ivy. UB j .vu bi.buh. JJ uh. Vub. Vub . UB. Dusnw w.susnsn s.sjsnns .ushsns.jsj due.usn.die. .Didi's ..iske ..did is...sjsb...didndbndid.jdish.du. .did did.jsns .is mdid.disne.fidhd.dndm.didn.ajs d.id.sshshms.udjd..xjc. .ciddnsm.xi. Zusjs.x dusiskf. .zuissjd.db uudid.jdjddn .djjdd.dm f. Kkdme. .is .dic. .did.d.xix.d.jxj.djd.dkd.d..disns.dmd.c.isjs. ifne.jd. mic d.dkdmne.xi.susue. ie.x. . Ismv.v.is..Iandd.ci.xia.sisjc.ÀnÆuf.ifjf Di I . In dudnc Mxlslwlf Vododkdmdlsokkcodldlxmidns Mjx.	1
It's an overall good experience but I'm just not going to pay money to have more than six skips an hour	0
dog app, cant even log in..	0
There isn't a free to use version in Korea. What a rip off.	0
Amazing, but stop disabling my songs please!	0
best music app hands down!	1
The app isn't working it won't even open it just sits at a black screen forever	1
It's a good way to find good songs	1
I'm having worst experience with this app because after every single song you start ads which is very frustrating😤	0
So many fun things and songs	1
It shuffles into other song instead of the song I'm looking for	0
Personalization is their Forte love having Playlists designed just for me!!! DAILY	1
I can always get to music I enjoy provided I have signal. Been using the app for years, been using premium and it's entirely worth every cent. The only thing that gets annoying is that the songs I use the feature to ignore/skip still will play when I'm playing albums and I have to skip them manually. Love the songs the personalized albums come up with though.	1
It's a good music app for Samsung's and Android, if you buy/get the family plane then you don't get the aids	1
Updating my review to say it's still great. Only issue is large playlists seem to have issues shuffling, sometimes just play the same 60 or so songs.	1
There Are Lot Of Songs & Playlists To Listen.....Really An Good App🎧	1
Why is it that we pay for premium but still get ads for every page on the app? Who gives any about podcasts?? Seriously, we aren't paying for a new set of advertisements. Maybe try listening to your consumers? It has also been glitching lately as well... it is the only app that will not connect to the internet.	0
It's so great I love it so much I have no complaints	1
Charged multiple times only to be told its "lost payment" and keep losing connection with online assistance. Use to be my favorite app for music now id rather get bugged and download online then use such a bugged out app. Update; Now they charge me for a solo account and a duo so what in the he'll is happening!!!! @spotify respond to my emails	0
It's been an awesome experience and every music sounds so great to here at Spotify at any moment as well too!!!! I enjoyed it every moment.	1
Its great no issues from my side very much actually	1
Can you make it easier to move multiple songs from to playlist to playlist Please!	1
It has my favorite songs and artist 😌😍	1
Excellent. I had Amazon but cancelled and switched to Spotify.	1
It's an awesome app! It has all my favorite songs and I can listen to music all I want on it! 😆😜	1
Very good experience bt should add more songs for India region	1
Except for the frequent invasive ads, Spotify is a great tool for checking out new music before I decide to go out and buy a CD. Old music as well!!	1
Bug after bug after bug.	0
The only music app I can trust :))	1
I can't play music, my playlists won't show up, and if it shows up it just has one song. I installed 3 times if it still 'stuck' like before and yes it is. I hope this getting reply. Edit: these past week I can play music and songs in my playlist aren't gone anymore, Thank you Spotify for fix it.	1
It was working great up until a 4 days ago! Just keeps telling me there's an issue and won't play anything!. I've uninstalled, installed and even tried my acct on another phone with no luck. And I know my subscription will be going out in the next week and for what!!?? Please help!	0
Very useful application form song	0
The ad experience is horrific and if I make a playlist containing 20 or so songs I'm lucky if I get to hear a single 1 from it I used use this app exclusively and now its unbearable	0
It made me have to log back in and now if won't let me log back in	0
The best music application there is.	1
This app is awesome but the ads every now and then take a while but other than that the app is amazing great sound	1
This app is the best music and podcast app ever it might get a little touchy but is very reliable!!!!!!!!!	1
Spotify is good for listening to songs in the background and is a really good app for music, but I rated it 2 stars because sometimes I accidentally press the don't recommend the song button and even after I change it back to not be it doesn't let me listen to it. If they fix this I will bring it to 5 stars but right now, it's 2 stars	0
I love this app. It has so many genres to pick from. So many songs to chose and you can follow your friends and listen to there playlist. I like how for instance Salish Matter isn't like Drake but you can still listen to her music. ❤	1
Hi, I just start using it and till now it is great, thanks	1
Very easy to use and handy when ant got any data	1
It's become really annoying to have to always restart the app so I can see what song is playing on the home screen. Even then it doesn't show up. I just expect more from an app I pay for. It's super inconvenient and I use this app all day everyday. Please see to fixing these bugs Spotify.	1
Spotify free used to work normal with ads. After purchasing premium, search results, song selection, literally any action keeps the app loading forever !	0
It's cool with premium but without it I can't even select songs without premium.	0
Great music app I love it I highly recommend it 👍	1
Most entertaining and user friendly good app...	1
It's always been a great streaming service. I've let my subscription cancel for years and come back to my same massive library, fully intact.	1
I've used this app for about a month now and I'm 99% happy with it. Every now and then there are little glitches but they are easily fixed. Much better than Amazon music!	1
Awesome experience with Spotify, try it it's really amazing 😎😄	1
COVID warnings on podcasts now?? Are you kidding? 2+ years later? Now? Super LAME!! Download a podcast to play later, forget about it. Why? Because you NEED AN INTERNET CONNECTION!? Huh?? If it wasn't for Joe Rogan, I'd have bailed on this app a long time ago. it's so glitchy, unreliable, counterintuitive, stupid warnings. I have to force close it constantly & restart and sometimes it jumps to a totally random podcast maybe even a year old??	0
I don't know about the paid version; ask someone else about that. As for the free version, way too many ads to even think about enjoying music, not to mention all the politically correct podcasts and musicians. Uninstall...	0
I like the app. But why have you been restricting Neil Young songs?	1
Very enjoyable and easy to use	1
what happened to ads every other 30 minutes. Now it's ads every 4-5 songs. So damn annoying dude. Please consider adding less ads, or some kind of solution. Thanks.	0
It is the best app for good music 🎶 like it that why agive it five stars 🌟	1
Hope to learn how to go along singing, wonderful. Thank you so much.	1
love listening to music while I walk	1
This use to be a great app but there is way too many ads between songs. 1 or 2 is fine for the free version but 6 or 7 is ridiculous. I will be searching for a new music app unfortunately	0
good app latest & Old song	1
to me spotify is so easy,with a robust library from old to new and all genres,i just absolutely must have it every day	1
Well, it continously says offline and to get online to listen to anything. I am online....🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️😒	0
I'm honestly thinking about canceling my family plan cause you removed shuffle play all my song bring it back and I'll stay	0
Great, a wonderful discovery!	1
it has all songs and I love how you can have a Playlist also a suggestion is where u can watch the music video while listening to the song	1
Satisfying and entertaining and also a relaxing school of learning.	1
best music app I've had...they have all the songs from each genre that i like to listen to and new songs that I enjoy!	1
This is for Jill Wells Art mostly. I've enjoyedspotifymostly(beenGreatly annoyedattimesAlso) for years once I figured out how to makemy ownPlaylists.I was no longer at the mercy of shuffle play unlessIwabted2b and could also key queuefrom playlists made. Have you consider making then dnlg list,then go offline to listen. Sometimes its the best way. My only gripe isIwish there was a automatic filter that wouldnt allow me to DLsONGS I've already DL!! That would make my life 4000+ songs ALOT better	1
Great app has all of my favorite music choices	1
Love it's to listen the music I Want	1
I really like the app just that the ads can be really disruptive. But you can make playlists for you and your friends so I say its a pretty nice app.	1
I can listen to the music I prefer.	1
No need to say anthing but the fact that its just good	1
Too many adds . Can enjoy music.	0
I love the app , there is nothing wrong with it . Just perfect. I rate it 100/100.Thank you	1
Love the app..the lyrics viewer just got an update which makes the experience so much better..another feature I would really like spotify to adopt and I especially think it will change the way people use Spotify drastically is the addition of videos, I know it may be a very difficult thing to do but if it's possible I hope it can be done in the future and also when is the long awaited HiFi audio features coming.	1
Premium here. It works well ... For about 10 seconds per song.	0
It's perfect on my watch Samsung Galaxy watch for classic	1
I am using for almost a year but i dont know how to listen offline music after get downloaded ?	0
I like the newly added recommendations being played through your history list songs after they've ended. It's a nice touch and a good way to find new music. Please don't kill this feature, it'll be very disappointing, I honestly don't mind not having the history list play by song.	1
The audio of the songs is not consistent. Some are too soft i can hardly hear.	0
I love Spotify the music is endless and so worth the subscription!	1
Gives great music at touch of a button	1
I didn't realize until it went away that it starts you off with a free sample of premium. I liked the app until premium went away. Now you can't even pick the songs you want. You can only shuffle playlists. And if you try making your own Playlist Spotify adds songs to it that have nothing to do with the ones you added yourself. Over all I'm very disappointed with my experience with this app. It's pretty cool with premium but the free version is disappointing.	0
I like your 30 mins uninterrupted, but its hard to enjoy when you software runs with the processing power of a 2 year old with down syndrome! Take a lesson from YouTube and actually play what people search for!	0
Absolutely useless !!!!! App is permanently offline which makes it useless and unusable !!!!! Why even present this app if it doesn't not work !!!! I was recommended to use Spotify by many colleagues I respect !!! But now I wonder !!!! Don't know if you can help or not but I will change my attitude if help does fix the problem 😶	0
Music galore! Would be better if you fixed the equalizer	0
Very useful in a quite time	1
Spotify is an excellent music app,i just love this	1
I rate spotify 3 stars because I loved it, I enjoyed it. if not because Im not able to play my downloaded songs while offline even if im on premium, I could have been given them 5 stars. because of this, i just undo my subscription	1
Spotify is literally the best. You can listen to any song you want and it's better than the competition. Only downside is the 4 advertisements that play every 15 minutes. Other than that though, Spotify is great.	1
Spotify is spot on	1
Great for podcast and mostly all music highly recommend	1
Want to listen to a song? Too bad, you have to pay to listen to what you want to hear. Otherwise have this playlist of 90 songs and pray the one you want to hear shows up! Don't wanna hear ads between songs without paying an arm and a leg? Tough luck buddy! Avoid at all costs.	0
I had Spotify for years now and I was always very happy with it. Now for the first time in my life I have Spotify without premium and it is the biggest piece of s*** I have ever encountered. I would give it 0 stars or less, but with premium it is actually very good so two stars.	0
Don't add songs to my custom Playlist that I put my songs on, I make custom Playlists because I want to only hear the songs on said Playlist not what you recommend to me	0
This app is the best app in the sector of free streaming of music and audio!! Though sometimes you may get several ads but you can purchase an individual premium plan for just 119 per month which is reasonable.And the quality of sound is of top quality! This app is unbeatable.I love this app and using since 2020.🤗	1
Best music app. I've been using it for about 2 or 3 years and it's been great. The ads are kind of a problem but it doesn't really bother me. I hate that there's only 6 skips per hour. But the app is still great. Has all the music i look up. Country, rap, all the stuff I love. 10/10	1
Awesome to listen to my favorite music anytime!	1
Okay Spotify if its free thin you guys need to stick to that no b.s with limited skips really in my opinion Spotify needs to be pulled off the app store just because of how messed up Spotify is it plays songs I have no interest in and the add wall is so bad I only use it for my xbox	0
Get to listen to my music which is perfect	1
Wonderful music to work by and easy to select tunes and artist that I enjoy the most. Great variety	1
An update of the app took it all away. Will uninstall.	0
okay no one wants their playlists to be shuffled all the time bruh and those limited skips-	0
Great app, easy to use,.never any problems	1
Vary awaome platform to use. Everything is so easy to learn. I have yet to not find a song I searched....	1
I love my music and especially Morbid crime podcast!	1
Most of the play list are fake/false. Like u search for lets say linkin park andthe playlist named literally linkin park is having every kind of songs but linkinpark. Waste of money	0
Love how i get two back to back ads ... like why?	0
Tbh i have a few suggestions to the app But i love how you can watch 3 ads to get 30 minutes free listening i love that Ill update my comment and ill add the suggestions later.	1
Recent updates have made the app completely useless for a month now even though I'm paying for the service. It won't load anything or play anything. Pretty disappointed from a service I use daily.	0
I've spent years building a playlist and all of them are gone now. I was first a free user and have been on the paid family plan for the last year. Everything is gone since the last two updates and I can't use it at all. Edit: I discovered the app works on Roku but not my android phone. I obviously can't use my Roku in the car! Please fix it!	0
I get not being able to do some things but some are just ridiculous, heres a list . 1- not being able to choose a song on a playlist 2- not being able to chance the second of the song 3 cant go back to the song before 4 NO QUEUE 5 limited skips 6 CANT REPLAY A SONG??? 6 being stuck with randomizer on 7 WHY DOES IT PLAY RANDOM SONGS BRO THEYRE NOT EVEN ON MY PLAYLIST ???	0
STOP WITH THE ADDS AFTER EVERY SONG! Fair enough every 30mins. BUT. EVERY. SONG. Is an overkill. Be a bit considerate for those of of who are clearly trying to budget with not spending $110/year for music.	0
app just suddenly ceased to work properly, can't even browse or play any songs (samsung galaxy s9 plus)	0
This is just an amazing platform that gives you variety and Platform Church (Rested Life) content everything is in it and our members love it.	1
Bots add thing to ur playlist. Cant even play a regular song u searched up, it just puts a random song on you dont like. I miss the old spotify.	0
You can't play specific songs unless you pay. You can get free alternatives so don't shill for some big corporation - there are better ways to support smaller artists.	0
My go to app when I wanna listen to music or a podcast	1
Easy access to play my favorite music at any time. Easy to find my favorite artist and the songs with lyrics	1
Hey Spotify why you always beg for money with your adds ever 5 minutes. have some standards reduce your adds a little bit or should I say begging for money like a begger	0
Very nice i love spotify	0
Great it allows you to listen to music while on other apps	1
I swim and listen to Spotify, the whole family loves music.	1
It sucks I use it when i can't find a certain thing on SoundCloud but that's about it. It's pretty trash	1
I've had Spotify for over 2 years and they've been great. Thanks Spotify!!!	1
Love all of the choices you can make Groups of music you can even search for	1
Love Spotify Premium. It's affordable, I can listen from all my devices, and I get showtime as a bonus!	1
Many bugs, delay, freeze and problems on my phone.	0
Spotify premium is still my favorite music app. Where else would I be able to get three months of premium for just $9.99(for ALL three months). Best deal ever. Thanks for the ability to listen to anything I want ad Free! I've got to let you know, that you should definitely subscribe to Spotify premium today. Keep cranking out the tunes, we'll keep listening.	1
I need to update but until then it is really bad because when you play a song, instead of playing that song it plays like 100000000 others and it takes REALLY long so yeah	0
i think this will be my last year on spotify i wont be renewing my premium since they removed the widget which is the best feature they have.	0
Been using Spotify for 8 years and no complaints!	1
Good music experience All songs r available in this😘😘😘	1
It's nice playing songs YOU want when YOU want them DESPITE the ads that make them FREE!!	1
Awesome, it has every song you want	1
App has all songs I search and is very efficient and gives best music sound too. I love it.	1
Lately there's been Glitches in the showing of Album Artwork	0
Great music ads are repetitive but my choice not too pay	1
I use the app. Often ond enjoy the music and song that are available	1
Fix the app its not starting	0
DO NOT DOWNLOAD UNTIL THEY FIX THE PROBLEM WITH ANDROID, this has been going on for weeks. Spotify will not start. I have tried everything that has been suggested and I pay for a premium subscription.	0
I was listening to music suddenly it stopped and they logged me out i am trying to log in several times with my one plus 7 but it is showing something went wrong	1
This app is not working smoothly	0
I've had awesome service with you guys, Thank you very much and have a blessed day.	1
3 stars, solid app. However after the newest update ive been experiencing some difficulties, im unable to play most songs, including from playlists. itll play for about 9-11 seconds then stop and not play again. If this gets fixed I'll make this review 5 stars for sure.	1
love this app!!! podcasts also help me a lot.	1
2/5 because of the inability to delete your recently played history now. Edit 1/5 because now you can't even choose what song in your playlist to play, you can't reorder your songs, AND you have limited skips?! I fail to understand your reasoning. The ads haven't bothered me (yet) but should it I would rate this 0 stars if I could, only redeeming factor is the quantity of songs, opposed to the quality of the app.	0
I want to know what happend the collaborative button because now i cant add songs on others people's playlist. I updated it many times but the collabrative button wont pop up, and also can you guys put a spotify chat system on there its gettin really boring trying to talk by putting songs on other people's playlist Overall its great.	1
Myself, I enjoy sitting and listening to the old time radio stories from my childhood.	1
Too many adds	0
Music is my life and I mean to find almost every single song I want is absolutely awesome. Great job and and awesome effort to keep Spotify up to date, thx Spotify team💪🏼🔥	1
Spotify is not the app is literally like when you click to play your playlist it's not like how it used to be now just generates on some random song and it's not fun I can't start from the beginning and it limits how many songs you can swipe you can only do six per hour why Spotify tell me cuz this is not making sense like I downloaded this app to listen to music but now I can't and I don't like the app anymore that's why I give the one star cuz of this Spotify needs to update their pictures	0
I had used iheart radio for years. I will no longer use iheart due to them pushing their GAY agenda on their users. I got tired of gay ads every 10 minutes. I switched to Spotify and hope they are better.	1
The best app ever, i wish the premium would be cheaper but I just can't live without it	1
I listen to podcast everyday, worth the family subscription	1
Annoying that it starts playing randomly in my car. It auto starts when I turn my car on, when I answer a call, when I hang up, when I turn my stereo on, etc. If I turn off permissions to avoid this then it doesn't work properly. Like the service, hate the app.	0
such a good app, with or without premium they have lots of songs and i know it can be a little annoying when spotify adds songs to your playlist but the songs they add are based off your recent searches so theyre not even bad songs and at least when you watch and ad you get rewarded with 30 mins of uninterupted listening! they have basically every song. such a great app... and its free too!	1
Living below the poverty level and getting to listen to the vast collection available for free is wonderful. Sure I'd like the perks of membership but I can deal with having way less ads than radio ever had.	1
I wish I could date my Spotify playlist	1
I love to play Spotify 😊😊 🎧	1
Updates use too much data.	0
Fantastic a great mix of everything and anything.... Tunetastic	1
The leader in its field, top quality app.	1
It's my daily use app, One of the few & One of the Best out there.	1
The annoying back to back ads just spoils the whole mood.	0
To much ad. Frustrating	0
This is not app this is life for depressed one to come out of depression	1
Lyrics aren't available for any of the songs (latest updated)	0
Better than Apple itunes by far. More music different styles of music 🎶 absolutely worth $9.99 a month I don't listen to my radio or pay for XM radio when I can listen to anything without commercials and radio talk. I like apple music. But nothing beats" Spotify"!!!!	1
One of the most favourite application but now it's the most worst app and I hate it. Always keep saying no internet connection blah blah. No songs play. Why? Very disappointing. Never expect this from this app. It's quite famous and I think popularity makes people blind.	0
This is the best app to listen to music to	1
Nice, got my lyrics. Thanks	1
Excellent musical choices!	1
Never had any issues. Music is always current and I like that there is a wide variety to choose from.	1
It doesn't working says run time exception many times I have deleted and reinstall it then also it's saying than useless app	0
Why can't u just send password reset? U send to email and I only can open email in my phone. Cannot use other devices	0
I love spotify I've been using it for something around 3-4 years and have personally not really had any problems and I use this app almost everyday it's easy to use you can find some really good artists and songs just by listening to your discover weekly which recommends you songs based off what you have been listening to	1
I used to have pandora but switched to this and never looked back highly recommend switching💯👌	1
All songs all the time but without premium the ads are a little bit annoying	1
Best streaming online app for music and your favourite artiste.	1
Great music selection and very easy to navigate	1
Everytime i go on it i have to wait 5 minutes for it to actually load properly. I tried uodsting it, deleting and reintalling it hutbhasnt worked	0
This up is good for listening to music you can even do it when you turn your phone off it's great	1
It is the best app for streaming music 🎶	1
Does not let me play my entire library. There are too many albums to like individually	0
Really good for music. No bofering for me.	1
Its worst app so much ads ...	0
I enjoy listening to podcasts, but the app has problems. It keeps locking up and closing on my Galaxy 22, and listening to downloaded content. Primarily having to switch between listening Online and Offline. I live in the sticks and do not have good cell service or wifi at home & listen to podcasts. There is absolutely no possible reason I should have to switch between modes to listen to content I have downloaded to device! I paid for service so I would be able to download & listen.	0
ABSOLUTE TRASH ON MOBILE. All I wanted to do was make a Playlist of 4 songs and play it. Didn't even play a single song of mine and just kept playing random "similar" songs, song after song. After I had to waste time googling for a fix. Found the fix and turned off "autoplay similar songs." Still didn't play my Playlist songs. TRASH ON MOBILE. Not to mention I remade the Playlist from scratch about 5 times and it still didn't play a single song of mine.	0
I miss linear notes, cover art, lyrics (like real ones, not autotech guessing), bios (accurate), musicians, vocal, producing credits and please get rid of the fake albums for which none of the songs are available to hear. Other than that, and the constant glitches in sound, it's just dandy.	0
It's a good app and i would have given 5 stars but after new update my Spotify is stuck at Spotify logo whenever I launch application.Developers pls fix this as soon as possible	0
This is a star I gave him a lot Why can't I listen to it in Iran? Then your countries start pondering and say freedom and ...? Then we can not listen to our country?..A student ... teenager ... you do not value us listening to our favorite songs because we are from Iran... Do you think we love ourselves here?We are in pain but we do not have the right to speak ... This is just music ....Do you really take this from us?	0
enjoying listening music.	1
Spotify is a joy to use. I love the playlists it automatically generates. The playlists are based on the type of songs you listen to. This introduces you to other artists you might not have heard of. You can also create your own playlists.	1
Lost without this app. I have more access to any music and podcasts than ever , part of my life now	1
Worst, there's no place for those who try to play it without subscription. There's a ad in every single song	0
Well.......what.....to....say.....about this app it's great as you all know and heard of. For the ones who are K-POP fans it's great for them.....❤️❤️😘	1
I use spotify everyday and keep adding to my playlist! Limited ads and I easily find artist and songs. Highly recommend this app!!	1
Excellent and convenient	1
I don't like ads between music. And don't want to take subscription.	0
Best songs quality and very easy to use . 😊😊	1
perfect for anyone who wants to listen to podcasts and music free with ads. my only problem being it will sometimes not let me log in, but this is rare	1
So many issues with the app.. I ve had spotify for years but seriously this is getting annoying. Also the 'spotify community' page is an absolute joke. Someone just replies with the classic clean re install 'solution' and marks it as solved. I have 40 GBS of music.. if I have to re download one more time I swear I am gonna lose it.	0
The sound is very clear.	1
Simply simply lovely.	1
Love being able to travel intimate to whatever decade I'm feeling atvthe moment!	1
Don't know happaned to this app but it is slow now.....to play or find a song takes forever now... it is very irritating and i seriously consider unsubscribing and quitting using it	0
Too much ads	0
Love listening to all my old 80s favorites on Spotify	1
My fav music source- in the car and at home, meets all the needs and adding to playlists is super easy	1
App is broken with newest update. Spoke with Tebro Z through the web support messaging system and after going through the usual suggestions, was told the issue has been sent to devs. Will update review if/when issue is fixed.	0
It needs to work offline 😒	0
I would have done it a zero but that's not possible so I give you a 1 it won't let me restart my password because I'm on infant I'm on infinite Shuffle I'm having a mental breakdown about it and I hope your company gets bankrupt 🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲	0
Adds are too much, would have subscribed the premium version but they charge too much.. at least lesser the adds	0
Good.. I can listen to my favorite music really easy.	1
Nice layout and some good suggestions	1
This app is horrible I tried to make an account with my when I was born but it's not working I think they need to work on this cuz I'm just doing what I have to do I wanted to test it out and listen to some music not on YouTube and it's horrible utterly horrible I don't understand how people will like this but I will not recommend this	0
Love the quality and availability of my favourite by a push of a button	1
Best place for podcasts	1
Very hard to use and why must i have extra music in my playlist that i don't want	0
Recently, today I could not play my liked songs, all it does is play songs I've not even seen nor heard of, and I'm starting to get angry.edit:it has been a few weeks now and it still does this, it won't stop, I try to play song from my Playlist, but it goes and play I don't have on it, and it is just so stupid, I can't believe your famous business is failing this badly to give the user what they want.	0
Can pick music I like, don't get anything don't want	1
Great app to listen to music on...10/10 would definitely recommend	1
Give thousand ad one after song 😡🤬 i like that why you intrued app for ad only know why you that music change your name and set spotify play thouand ad and podcasts	0
This app is so nice i listen my fav song and my fav artist i follow them i like spotify so much Thank you spotify	1
I like the fact that you can find so much music but there is sooo much to dislike like the fact that I can't choose what to listen to and every thing is shuffled and I can't listen to whatever I want and if I put one music in a playlist to listen to it They add music out of no where its annoying	0
I found an asian language song that had been searching for a year since ain't knew the language,but finally found it through Spotify 😍🤩 using another app. Giving 5 star🤩🤩😻😻😻	1
Excellent variety of music tracks, nothing you search you can't find ! I love this app	1
I am a collage student and i can't afford premium even after the discount and I get it that it is trying to push its customers towards buying premium but the number of ads are getting outrageous nowadays. Mocking your free user isn't going to get them buy premium it will just push them away. It has now become an app which is just insensitive towards poor people	0
Thumbs up for this app! Easily download any songs that I want and it's good for sharing.	1
exelente play list and sound quality awesome 😍😍	1
Awsm app 🔥🔥 It shows all lofi songs also, it's great 👍👍 & Also unplugged album song ♥️♥️	1
I love spotify so much it is awesome!!!	1
Too many bugs on my phone	0
I love it. I get to explore different podcasts I hear about.	1
Songs ok but lyrics worst then expected.totally lost of read	0
I don't mind it but it's annoying when you can't choose your own song and have to sit through a list you can only skip six times.	1
Without money . . . .Too much adds. After every song there is add.	0
Easy and clear to use for music. Don't listen to Joe Rogan. I use Spotify everyday I love it.	1
Spotify changed my whole world after my son told me about it years ago. What? They have full albums? They have albums from the 70's?? Tears were shed as I would have a musical memory, do a quick search, and bam! The Best of Bread, Twin Sons of Different Mothers, Rumours --it doesn't get any better than this. Totally worth it people.💗💗💗	1
Last update ruined playback. Pocast keeps stopping for no reason.	0
It is a very good music app to use	1
I am unable to login in it and i tried all accounts	0
This app Is very nice.It's do Good Work I am an army.I listen BTS SONGS I LOVE TO LISTEN BTS SONGS or sabse achi baat muhhe yeh lagi is app ke bare mai Ki songs ke sath mai lyrics bhi aate hai.I am satisfied with this app💜💜	1
Hey the ads really sucks man i cant afford premium so dont i have right to get good music expwrience i am not asking you to make spotify ads free but the service is really bad i am listening a song then an ad then another song then again ad🥵😭😡	0
I literally can't even open the app and I don't know why but I used it before. It's just the Spotify logo screen.	0
I had an excellent experience. Love the Reggae music. They are my mood and fitness companions.	1
Absolutely love spotify	1
Easy to use and a ton of songs	1
I love Spotify. It's so easy to use, I have my life playlist wherever I go.	1
FARKIN WOW LOVE THIS APP not a song me or my friends and family have not been able to find over 12 months member and loving it. THANK YOU	1
Nice and gentle play songs...	1
Can't log into my account that I want to cancel subscription	0
Super music playing app	1
It's a good app it has all the death metal I listen to. My only problem is why the hell do have to go offline to listen to downloaded music. And I have a 5g phone and it always says I'm offline unless I'm on WiFi and I pay for it. That's why I given one star	0
I listen to old time radio programs while working and walking...great app!!	1
Excellent music source even in free mode	1
I find any songs I'm looking for thank you	1
Good apps for someone who love music because it have a lot of good music☺️	1
I like to listen the songs	1
Unplayed filter hides unplayed downloaded episodes. Constantly disconnects from ear buds requiring closing and reopening app. Also will sometimes take ages to download tracks. We're talking dialup speed. Also, will not work with Bluetooth with lots of restarts. Such a shame	0
It's one of my favorite apps on any type of electronic	1
Stupid app won't let me play certain specific songs it's always on shuffle play without premium	0
Very nice experience it amuses me when I listen to music form spotify	1
I accidentally deleted the app and for the past few days I am trying to download it and I can't I tried downloading another app thinking it would've been a problem in my phone or playstore but no the app was downloaded easily only Spotify is not please fix it.	0
Recommended songs. Stop. It's annoying	0
easy and simple,	1
Luv the ability to pick from so many genres of music. It just fits Any mood I'm in.	1
I love this premium feature but in our country it takes lot of taxes from tele communication service, so Spotify should use nagad payment method	1
"Music to my ears" Awesome!! Soooo Cool! 🙂🙂👍👍	1
i love the app but whenever i open it i see the logo and it doesnt load anymore i uninstalled it and installed it a bunch of times and i dont know what to do anymore	0
Update 30/06/22 - I've been a Premium user now since October '21 and it has been an awesome ride of discovery and rediscovery across the musical spectrum for me! If you have the change, try out Spotify and you won't regret it because it's worth every penny in my view. There are plenty of lesser known artists in this that mainstream is absolutely clueless about which is good of Spotify to include in their catalogue. At £9.99 it's like paying for access to the biggest record collection ever!	1
Very nice music app I love it so much 💞	1
Thank you for returning back normal position of media control buttons. Please, avoid this kind of experiments in the future.	1
Won't work on my phone tried everything deleting app ect sign out of all accounts... no customer service...bummer	0
Spotify ad every 2 songs just make it 5 or 6 songs	0
Absolutely the best app for listening music podcast and ..... the best choice is Spotify ✌🏻	1
Today, i tried to switch my account but then i can't even go to the login interface. Forever in loading logo. I also tried to re-install but still the same. I may changed my rating if they fixed this but now I can't use it.	0
I don't like it so many ads after every one song.... This not suitable for who not purchase premium...	0
I enjoy this App. It has so many options and is easy to use	1
Very awesome, allows you to listen to worship music without any interuptions and still has minimal ads	1
I'm ashamed that Spotify is bowing to the Cancel Culture. On top of that, all of the "news" podcasts are extremely left wing. Just tell me what's going on in the world and let me make up my own mind.	0
If you plan on paying to avoid ads and listen to podcasts or anything other than music, DO NOT BUY SPOTIFY. with the rising of people adding in content ads and such makes premium obsolete. They constantly try popping open some info on car mode while I'm driving which is a hazard. This app Is really really going down the drain. Just use apple music or Dropout TV. Or anything else really.	0
Why did my filters in Liked Songs disappeared after I reinstalled the app?	1
Good no glitches every song mood freshing albums and every thing that you would ever want	1
Smart phone ready or compatible unlike realplayer.	1
This app is just superb... there is only one suggestion, when I opened this app it automatically started playing songs which I've heard last time... other than this... everything is good. I really loved that this app contains podcast... Thank you Spotify.	1
Can't scroll through the genres and the genre selection got way worse. If this app wasn't the best one around I wouldn't even use it but that's what happens when 1 company owns virtually the whole market	0
I love this app . I am using this more than 2 years sound quality is awsome	1
it was a good app but recently like the past 2 months i cant edit or even see my playlists its so annoying and it dont even play them or my podcasts idk what happened but i really dont like it	0
Some songs disapear from my playlist. And NO it is not the artist removing them from Spotify library as they are still available to add manually again.	0
EDIT: SOUND QUALITY STILL SUCKS.	0
Till you can't play offline mode,it fraud	0
Best music app ever	1
I get to listen to my favorite music but I don't wanna listen to other stuff because I know what I like to listen to, and I don't like what Spotify recomends, and the skips are limited for some dumb reason, so I either have to put up with the HORRIBLE, TERRIBLE music Spotify reccomends to me or use my skips. Spotify does not know my music tastes. (It recomends a ton of Brony stuff cause I like Someone Like Me and Ashes.)	0
I love your song app thank you to making this app	1
Only Spotify comfort's me	1
Im paying for this and I still get ads. More and more. Not sure if its by the company or the podcasters, but its country specific, so its not a built-in ad. Even if its by the podcasters, you should not allow this. I hope youll fix this.	0
It's good it's just ads and I'm having troubles getting my Playlist	0
Spotify has a podcast for everyone's taste	1
It's good music but like LET ME LISTEN TO WHAT I WANT TO LISTEN TO, I PUT IT IN MY PLAYLISTS LET ME LISTEN TO THAT AND NOT SOME RANDOM SONG YOU MIXED IN WITH IT	0
Love it been using Spotify for like 6 years now 10/10	1
I love this app soo much.... it's my daily dose and i hope it's yours too	1
Very Bad App There Are Too Much Ads	0
i love spotify. Spotify make my happy I love you so much 💚	1
Spotify is the good app for music	1
Great selection of music and easy to access.	1
how to make basic fried rice 3 cups cooked rice * 2 Tbs sesame oil. 1 small white onion chopped. 1 cup frozen peas and carrots thawed. 2-3 Tablespoons soy sauce more or less to taste. 2 eggs lightly beaten. 2 Tbsp chopped green onions optional.	1
Easy to use, transparent app with all music you need.	1
Great application to my music world	1
My fav app, can't do without it even for a day!	1
Its good till you are done listening because if you want to hear the song again spotify plays some random song even if i put it on my playlist it wont play because spotify keeps adding other songs and it keeps playing them instead of the song i want and i cant find a way to stop it	0
Would be great if lyrics could be displayed for all songs - not necessarily Genius	1
They stole my music up rf my phone I downloaded elsewhere noway of the return ing.. has happened so they know they do	0
Best app when it comes to music choice	1
What a lovely app of music heads off to this app maker or app maker team	1
One of the best App to download and listen music	1
Excellent app with a huge selection of music from a broad range of genres.	1
Pls help I can NOT PLAY SELECTED SONG pls all I want is free music	0
Worst music and podcast app available Edit: 6/30/2022 (over a year later) This app accrossed all my devices is still absolutely horrible. If I rewind a podcast more than 15 seconds it goes into a buffering loop that never ends. On occasion if I get ads on a podcast it restarts any podcast I'm listening to then makes me listen to adds again at a random spot in the podcast. HIRE SOME ACTUAL SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS	0
UI is terrible + app doesn't even work half the time.	0
Worst application.samsung duos phone is faster than Spotify	0
I like it from the start but when I play my fav song and it ends it's plays random song update this pls	0
I just bought premium 2 days ago and since yesterday the app just won't open. I've tried everything: force stopping the app, uninstalling then reinstalling, removing then retaining permissions. But it just stays stuck on the logo when I try to open it. I'm not having my money poured down the drain on premium for something that won't even open! Is there a way I can recover the app properly? I'm on android. Thanks.	0
I love to sing so I love this decause there are not a lot of adds and you can listen to music and not be interpreted and listen to any song the song you love.	1
had only no song only hard	0
It's a good app for listening music but it's too restricting, when i play my fav song it automatically played another song which is not in my playlist.	0
It is really awesome ❤. Like so much better than the YouTube app. When I close yt, the song or video doesn't continue playing. It's because I am a tablet user. But Spotify is really awesome. If I close it the song still plays. It even asks you for your three fav artists and it makes you a mix by yr personality. Great music platform! Tap install already now! ❤😃	1
Actually the pc version is good you can atleast select between the songs in your playlist and in this app you can't even do that and when i play my playlist it automatically selects shuffle and sometimes it just playes a songs that is not even in my playlist a rubbish app deleting it.	0
I cant even play the song i want it just shuffle to another song😡	0
It is an excellent music app	1
I used to enjoy the app a lot more even though it's been glitchy and laggy from time to time but now I have to deal with advertisements every two songs, 3 if I'm lucky. And not just 1 or 2 ads but 3-4 ads and the same ones over and over again. So for every half an hour I listen I hear like 10+ ads and it gets old fast. When I skip a song or change channels it goes straight to ads again, so I feel stuck listening to something I don't want to so as to avoid the same ads yet again.	0
Worst app ever used. It has more adds than songs that we search for. Irritating adds force me to uninstall.	0
Great app but very annoying. I accidentally hit 'do not play again' because I wanted it to play on loop and now I cant play it no more and it really anoys me because this is the only app I can shut my phone off with	0
Simply select the mood and you will be taken by it, so simple	1
The app is really good, but I hate how how you have to shuffle to listen to playlist and not just pick a song you want to listen to, and how many ads there are. I get 9-10 ads before I can listen to a song. Or the song just gets skipped cause of “Internet connections” even though I'm connected to strong internet. Some times I hate how you need to pay for a offline playlist. Spotify is a really good app, but even though it has some pros, it has a lot more down sides to it.	0
Great variety of music	1
Great human story - great interview where the interviewer draws an amazing story from Jay Gaffey - looking forward to Pt 2	1
very good with all types of music to suit everyone.	1
Best way to hear pure way of music and huge collection	1
Thanks for making ads unskippable out of nowhere so you f me up while traveling on the road. I will never buy anything I hear from a Spotify ad because I can't skip.	0
Finally got Spotify Premium and it's worth it. No more annoying ads and so many features. The price is reasonable to be fair. I just love it.	1
Never had an app that literally ignores my imput... garbage. I search a song I want to listen to, listen to the ad then guess what... It plays sum bs not even related to the artist or song I want to hear. Okay no big deal I'll just skip it then... NOPE ANOTHER IRRELEVANT song I didn't ask for until I have no skips left and it never attempted to play the song or artist I wanted. Again... garbage	0
One suggestion: Add shuffle and repeat buttons to the mini player in lock screen	1
This app contains no songs from இணைந்த கைகள் movie in tamil movie and many other tamil movie song	0
I love music and you gave it to me.... THANKS........	1
Spotify been a best platform for me,keep it up guys	1
Paid for premium and I'm still getting advertising	0
This app is amazing for listening music	1
Best new music engine, lots of o scu trax. Where's Anne now?	1
Simply put.. Spotify > every other music stuff you know	1
The commercials are atrocious.	0
Very happy with Spotify's music.	1
Excellent!!! Always my go to for sleeping, walking, meditating or just enjoying	1
Autoolay problem. I've disabled the setting, but spotify still plays songs that are suggested instead of the actual songs that are in my Playlist. I have premium though, it's just straight up dogshit. Use youtube instead.	0
love Spotify so much	1
I love Spotify it's great music all the time anywhere i go i got my music very easy to use just add the songs you love and start listening	1
App is very very nice song	1
Awesome music application	1
Recommend songs when I play my liked songs jeez, all I want to do is listen to my liked songs, not recommend useless songs.	0
Music is my life, and i honestly don't know where I'd be without it. I've downloaded so many apps to stream music but none of those apps come anywhere close to being as good as Spotify. Not only does it have any and every artist album and song you could think of but Spotify is always looking to find ways to keep the consumers happy and satisfied.	1
It's ok but I wish there was an option for them to recommend music in you playlist I wish you could turn it on or off	0
The best music app ever	1
It has been a corner stone in my phone, at least now I have something that can ease up the tension. Spotiy is really an amazing app which I'll recommend to every person that passes an eye through it; don't hesitate to download it and give it a shot.	1
Too much ad cant tolerable	0
I found all my related songs at one place. Recommended.	1
Love Spotify it is worth every penny. I like that I can take my music everywhere I got with no enteruptions. You can find all kinds of stuff in the app to, not just music.	1
I'm getting fed up with Spotify. Even though I have almost 2000 liked songs it plays the same hundred or so when on shuffle. To the point where I end up unliking some of my favorite songs so they don't get over played. I want a shuffle option where songs are not repeated until all songs have been played. And it should be able to keep track of what's been played over multiple days. Also wish the algorithm could recognize a genre I play infrequently and not change my recommendations.	0
It has a lot of choices but it will pause my song mid way through or restart it.	1
Very large selection of music I like being able to select albums	1
It was a good experience having spotify. It gives a lot of energy and hype when I have it and it makes me more love music because somehow it is my comfort care for myself. All in all its very good.	1
I love this app except for the fact that there are constant ads. I know that's just a way for the developers to get people to buy premium but it's just infuriating.	0
Every song is available, & best interface among others.	1
I have been using the app since 5 years now, and frankly, it is a good app. But these days there are many problems with the app. Though I have purchased the premium package, I am not able to listen to the songs I want, or search for any song. It says something went wrong, or no internet connection. I waited for more than a year for the issue to get fixed. If this continues, I dont think I will renew my premium package anymore. There is no point since I cant listen to any songs.	0
Only plays shuffle. Spotify sux	0
Good buffet of songs.	1
The app has been working for me sense 2019 and its pretty good but unfortunately when i go to daily mix it shuffles the playlists with songs that arent in that mix and yes i refreshed and swiped off the app and reopening it but it still stayed on shuffle mode even if i reinstalled it its still on shuffle so i don't know if its an update or a unfixable glitch	1
too bad cant play songs bad update	0
Love listening to the music but when I get 6 ads IN A ROW I kinda get irritated	0
good and very easy to used app	1
Stuck at shuffle .. no button to undo it ..	0
Editing playlists, making playlists, and even playing songs are a chore using this app. The ui can use alot of work, and the fact that so many necessary features are locked behind premium make it so much more aggravating. The only reason I still use this app are the huge library of songs it contains	0
Very bad I got continuously 4 ads ...😢 Around 1 min there must be some limit on ads you can't show it however you want I only listen music on Spotify. But this disappoints me.😢😢	0
I forgot my password and Google didn't save it. I tried to reset it and it doesn't work. If paying for it I shouldn't have sny problem with resetting a new password	0
Best music experience you can have	1
Its not workinh i have the best network and it says no internet connection plz fix ittt	0
Some one is using my Spotify! I cannot get him out from Vietnam! I will lose all the music I have 466 songs!No one can help me I have no choice but to DELETE all my songs!	0
Exceptionally super duper app! The best!!! Julio Blanco.	1
More ads than songs If you want to experience all types of advertisements more than songs just download without premium...if you want more songs than ads then go for Jio saavn	0
Feature are very friendly quality is best	1
I have had Spotify for a week so far its excellent, plays all the good music l want to hear.	1
I wish that you could choose whether or not you want spotify to add to your playlists... I personally hate it... I made the playlist with certain songs in it... I don't need more songs added... maybe you could recommend those songs to be added but you just adding them makes my playlists useless and there was no point in me making it if you were just going to change it	0
Good music app but worst irritating adds Avery song play after add comes	0
All Songs Are Available and Simple play	1
Spotify is not functioning properly at all. For almost a week I keep getting "Something went wrong. Check internet connection and try again." Anytime I click to go anywhere. Tried reinstalling. Tried looking the issue up. Nothing. No fix. Im stuck using Iheartradio because I cant play anything through Spotify.	0
Absolutely 💯 love Spotify!!! I like the songs it plays for different Music genre!!! Some of those you love but have forgotten about that's what I love about Spotify!!! Leaves you very satisfied and warms my heart with all the old music I listened to growing up!	1
A idea for Spotify: Imagine being able to choose the years of your favorite singers activities and just listen to the period of songs produced in those years. I hope can see this option soon in the Spotify	1
Allows me to play some songs that I want to listen for free and I can listen while my phone is off	1
I Use It EVERYDAY, Throughout The Whole Day And I Am Truly Appreciative If It. Thank You.	1
I have been using Spotify for 3 years .It's wonderful.	1
this app sucks. i cant choose which song i want to listen to.the playlist just plays. there are limited skips. hate this app.	0
Great all my favorite music, comedians, and podcasts. I have one complaint that Spotify is not connecting with my clock app but I assume that's nothing to do with Spotify.	1
Charge to much for nit being able to merge with booster sppd	0
Inspitr of that good app for songs	1
A good repotire of musicians. Great!	1
Spotify picks random times to update what I assume are my downloaded playlists every day, but it keeps getting stuck at 95-97% unless I manually open and then force close the app. Update: been over a month and still no fix. Dropping down to one star.	0
If they had a Spotify make this be the best app that makes it push the haters back in their seat keep doing great and be yourself they will hate but you will be you in the end	1
Best music app EVVERRR!!!!!	1
Talk about the best app ever you deserve to listen to that inner rockstar...... You can unwind from life here👍👍👍👍	1
Easy great music selections clear what more do you want????	1
app no longer opens, just freezes even after uninstalling and reinstalling	0
App won't even start. I'm in a perpetual load screen no matter how many times I do a clean install.	0
Sound is very clear and no issues	1
This app is going down hill. Can't even play music if I want to put it in my playlists anymore, Can't play music to see if that's the song I'm searching for. What the hell are the ads for if you can't use any features	0
Had to completely nuke the app and associated files twice to get it mostly working again. Even after a clean reinstall it has trouble picking up an internet connection. At least my downloaded music actually works now.	0
10 outta 10 I wouldn't change a thing Spotify is amazing 🙌	1
Basically it's "ADSTIFY" I've been experiencing this "7ads and 1 song" so disappointing	0
I Love ,the next time I go sit on my porch, I can listen to my own picks.	1
Awesome experience! Excellent sound quality!	1
It's pretty good service if you know what you're doing	1
To many ads hate it although listening to music is that I love is great just calm down with the ads I be on YouTube to listen to my music if I get annoyed with the ads	1
This is one the most amazing apps I've ever had but one thing I would like to see change is how many playlists you can pin 📌 in your library. Otherwise nothing! Flawless and amazing! 100% recommend.	1
Music is perfect, podcasts are great idea for great information	1
I'm a premium family acct owner. I logged out my main account on my mobile phone app and spotify never opened again. It would just stay on its logo. I tried troubleshooting - clear cache, clear data, force stop, even updating/reinstalling it did not work! Please fix it.	0
Didnt care for Spotify at 1st.. BUT ONCE I learned how it worked I FREAKING LOVED IT!! I love how it somewhat "Learns" the user & makes Playlist for the user on a day to day basis. It also keeps you up to date with other songs new & old! DEFINITELY WORTH DOWNLOADING! I also like how you can use Spotify & also do other things on your device without it ever Interrupting your JAMZ! Oh yeah, also if you have Premium, you can download music and use even when you have "No Service* #UseItDaily	1
Excellent app! You can make your own playlist of your favorite singer!	1
Why is it that the volume always get turned down automatically when it's on 100%. There aren't any settings to change this either. I'm canceling my premium if this doesn't get fixed	0
Doesn't have everything I was looking for, but it has way more than I was expecting.	1
Not working properly	0
I hate it when I play a song it's different song you should fix it !!!!!!! Or your fans will be so angry !!!!!!	0
"This app is absolute garbage for listening to podcasts" was my last review. But I was wrong. I was being hot-headed and not understanding correctly. I do apologize to the owners of this app. It works really well.	1
Is just awesome, can't live without my Spotify.	1
I love Spotify because you get to play music and you can listen to anything on it so that's why l love Spotify.spotify is my favourite thing to listen to music and songs on it.😍😍😍😍😘😘💯💯💯💯👿	1
I was paying for the same thing I get from Spotify. Will never leave! Spotify also recommend like selections I may not have thought of	1
I listen to lots of good music and podcasts for free	1
Great games having fun trying to win our billions well i haven' lost yet great games ilove slots	1
I LOVE spotify! I very rarely have any problems but I'm seriously getting annoyed since the last update. The app will open to a black screen with the symbol and stay there. I have tried all the tips on the user community. Including batter optimizing settings, permissions and a clean reinstall and still will not work. Please help! I pay the ridiculous fee for premium family. I don't want to cancel my subscription and move to something else. I will change my review when fixed.	0
Amazing, just amazing.	1
UI issues are back in full force	0
This is the best the only problem I had with it it is when I like I want to listen to a song like what I'm doing the dishes or something you don't need to know sometimes it would disconnect from my headset but other than that it's fine I love it	1
Love that they have any music that you want to here. I couldn't do without my play list	1
Unusable without premium. Feels like a version of Itunes from 2004 with how primitive it is without premium. Don't waste your time.	0
Love this app. I love controlling my TV. It's just frustrating sometimes to edit Playlist from the phone.	1
I'm using the app on a new device and I'm using it online with a strong consistent wifi connection but it refuses to play the full songs in my Playlists. The playlists look just as if they would offline because I don't have the premium. It didn't do this before on my other devices and it's seriously annoying. It also has the same bugs everyone else is complaining about on my other devices. What I experienced is the app pausing my music randomly. I've re-installed this app 3 times now.	0
Every time I restart the phone it changes my storage location from sd card to internal and starts redownloading. Highly annoying. Edit: Reduced review to 1 star, since they won't fix it.	0
I've been using spotify for a few years now and I love it. Premium is fairly cheap, and the app quality is spectacular. There are a few glitches. But overall spotify is my go to!	1
Keeps pausing randomly for no reason	0
Loving every moment listing to my favourite music 🎵	1
It works really good when I listen to it through my head band and through my tablet. Even when I am in an area with no wifi, it still works great. (This is me a little bit after this review) I don't know what happened, but a band called night shift productivity is no where on Spotify anymore. Even the songs I had are gone. I don't know if this is your fault Spotify, but I'm giving you a 1 star review.	0
The music is phenomenal!!!	1
Love this app, listen to all my music on here great playlists .....Recommend to anyone !	1
No problems , great app	1
If you love music, you'll love Spotify	1
This is rubbish can't even listen the song u choose this deserve 0 starts	0
20220629 Update... still sucks. Have to unistiall, reinstall app often. Stops playing very frequently, can't use lock screen controls.	0
Genre tab in liked music is broken	0
Amazing interface and very easy to use.	1
I think Spotify is a high-quality app and if you are looking for a high-quality music app this is the one. you can like songs, make playlists and enjoy. P.S follow me on Spotify	1
I cant play the music i want because it is on shuffling and i had to re-download it and it is still doing the same thing. And now i dont know what to do	0
They ruined it you can only skip 6 times and you can't even see what song is going to play next!!!!!!!!😡😡😡😡	0
I never expected to find greatest music 🎶! Thank	1
Love love love. My favorite app for music. I have a recommendation or two. It would be super cool if you could create easier ways to organize music to playlists. Like creating four boxes that you can personalize. One for podcasts, for artists, for songs, etc. Something where you could add playlists in. It would also be awesome if there was a + you could click on when you want to add a song to a playlist(or playlists) while on the lock screen. Thankss	1
So far so good. I've never had a problem or complaint with this app.	1
Almost each and every song I can think of is here.	1
Fantastic,amazing selection of all typs of music	1
This is the best music app ever	1
I have to say. I do love spotify. Never been bothered to give an app a rating, unless it was rubbish. But Spotify is great.	1
App never works right. I pay for premium and still get ads.	0
The app likes to randomly stop and close when using. It would be great otherwise. 2 stats since it constantly closes on me everyday throughout the day.	0
Oh my goodness it is really nice cz you get every music you want 🤍🤍	1
I had a very good experience until now but Spotify robbed my money when I paid for the premium subscription and I didn't get the premium account activated after the successful payment and I still haven't received my refund back all they say is that they didn't receive the payment which was successfully from my side. Don't subscribe for premium with UPI they will rob you.	0
I hope this app fixes itself because I am really not happy with the results. In the free plan, you get SIX skips an hour. Which means you have to sit through songs you hate or dont want to here at the time. You cant pick a song and play it, which is really bad for picking a song you want to watch. And one of the most annoying things is that it will ADD RANDOM SONGS TO YOUR PLAYLISTS. THIS DOES NOT WORK. HOW BSREBONES CAN YOU EVEN KEEP A FREE VERSION. Never spend a penny on this app. Use audity.	0
If I'm paying for Ad free it should apply to podcasts too.	0
Great app clear and crisp sound 👌	1
Please allow premium subscription to be paid by Google Play Store balance as it is in other apps.	1
App was fine until I purchased premium membership. Free version shoes ads after every 30 minutes which is okay but when I purchased Premium subscription for a day to try premium, ads popped up after every 2 songs which was like 5-7 minutes. At first I thought it'd be a glitch but even after relaunching the app same thing happened which spoiled party ridiculously. I am glad I din't purchase monthly or yearly package. Whoever thinking to buy premium membership, DON'T GO FOR IT AT ALL. TRY GAANA.	0
I love Spotify I can find old country music that I grew up listening to. My parents were musicians. I'm a die hard old country music fan. Don't like the new stuff. I'm 80 yrs old. I Absolutely love Waylon Jennings forever. He's the Man along with Willie Nelson. I love all old country NOT the new stuff!	1
*edit: so many features are broken and don't work. Getting worse Great except the podcast player is not as good as others (deleting downloads already listened to/sorting) Recently offline mode is horrible to use. Songs and I have downloaded won't play/are greyed out and say internet is not available. If I reconnect to wifi all my downloads become available next time I disconnect. A day without internet will cut my downloads out. Very frustrating when cellular data or internet is not easy to get.	0
Great Stufft It's, my kind of music so far keep rocking.	1
My premium doesnt work and i tried everything already but it wont work.	0
Disappearing controls are making this app unusable. It also ignores my setting to not resume playing automatically (I NEVER WANT THIS-- WHO DOES?!) I've been waiting for over a year for these to be fixed and nothing. Another android dev team failing to bother testing their own app!	0
They provide good quality music and entertainment.	1
You give me 3 unskippable ads and then play songs that aren't even in my playlist, CONSECUTIVELY. I used all my skips and never even got to any of the songs that WERE in my playlist. Seriously? Why should I subscribe when this is the BS I get?	0
Awesome app love it to bits...	1
the music i like it.	1
Love commercials? Love hearing a short ad that will allow 30 minutes of commercial free music? Too bad!!! The commercial never ends!! Turn it off and reopen? Wrong!! Same commercial!!!!! Gets worse everytime I use it!!! Do not use!!!!	0
App functions well on both phone and chromebook	1
When the ads start outnumbering the songs, that's a problem. Uninstalled.	0
Amazing app ❤️ I loved it this is so good for songs thank you for this amazing app I'm happy ❤️😊	1
I listened to a podcast with Nancy Grace, I've missed her, she's on a different channel now. Still a great speaker and trying to put killers behind bars for years.	1
Good app runs smooth, thanks for your service Spotify.	1
It's is wonderful to have access to music at anytime and by your favourite artist. It is so clear and great. Just completely love it.	1
i usually love this app, but its been buggy as of late. if my phone is in landscape mode, it wont flip anymore. songs repeat in my library after an hour or so. sometimes it just stops playing. I've uninstalled and reinstalled but nothing fixes it. whatever was in this last update really messed something up	1
Your is broken, I can't like songs anymore please fix it	0
I can search any Playlist with less internet	1
I like the quality of songs	1
I'm unable to login to the app at all. I keep getting the message something went wrong try again. I'm currently in my 15th try.	0
Great app tons of music	1
I love using this app just I want to close the app tab and play the music but otherwise l love it its great it has podcasts and plenty of music and its not to hard to find a song they also reccommend good songs for you its really nice! 10/10	1
The got rid of the slide to queue song option for literally no reason	0
Accidentally deleted my old review. I have been a Premium user since day one. Last year (21) Spotify had some serious issues, but it's back on track. Spotify remains the best music streaming platform.	1
Listen to it every day almost all night long if I could best music app ever	1
Love this app I play music almost every minute of the day	1
App has suddenly become horribly unstable. Frequently, a new song will start, but the notification won't update. When this happens, the app will only open as a black screen and the only way to stop music is to force stop the app. Have tried all the usual troubleshooting, cleared data, reinstalled, etc. but this still happens almost every time i listen to music with the app.	1
The best app ever I would totally recommend it to a lot of people love you Spotify	1
The app has all the original version of the songs	1
I hear my friends talking about spotify , how good it is this app to listen any kind of music , I'm a Salsa music fan and you didn't hear this music in the radio station anymore .so I download this app and I'm so happy to play anytime the Salsa music that I love to hear !!!	1
Love spotify. Only change I'd have is to be able to reorder my playlists easily. I've added whole albums to my playlist before but don't want them to be all in a row. If there was a way to permanently shuffle the list that would be awesome!!	1
Spotify is nice and all but when ever I try to play a song I want to play it plays another song that is similar to the one I want to hear, I never get to listen to the actual songs I want to listen to and it's kind of annoying	0
Pretty easy to use and organized UI/UX	1
Only problem i've encountered that actually bothers me is the cut down lyrics. A lot of songs have missing words and that kinda sucks.	1
showing break after a every song because u want that users take your premium account by getting frustrated of seeing ads. Worst app!! They interupt after every song by showing ads and say after every ad enjoy the next 30 minutes without interuption 🤯	0
There are numerous stability issues with the app in June 2022.	0
This is the worst app that I have ever used. I can hear ads after playing 2 to 3 songs even though we don't want to buy the premium the ads are increasing day by day and I am sure that this strategy will lose a lot of customers and I am sure that you have got 4.3 ratings and it is going to turn into 3 very soon	0
It's so good These are all song which you want	1
Controls keep disappearing so I can't stop music or podcasts without forcing the app to stop. Happens again I'll switch.	0
Vvvv poor. Soo much ads. Didn't liked much. Mood spoiler 👎👎	0
one word, Fantastic.	1
If you are a free user you can't skip a song after 6 songs??? I get it for the other features but skipping a song? Nop	0
Great app for listening music 🎶.	1
One of the Splendid Musical Apps as I luv to read the lyrics along with the song.	1
I love ❤️ Spotify music and the GREATEST OF Jo ROGAN PODCASTER	1
The last month this app has progressively gotten worse. After the last attempt to uninstall/reinstall all of my playlists are empty and I get a message saying there isnt internet connection and to try again. So frustrating since I'm paying for the premium.	0
It doesn't allow me to log in it says im abroad and shouldn't change my location even after i do so it doesn't allow me in i will change jt when when it start working	0
lately I've been having A LOT of problems with spotify. the songs just won't play normally, it pauses every 10 seconds without explanation. and it's been happening on the desktop version too. please fix it, it's really annoying.	0
My everyday music app. Has a large database of songs compared to Prime Music.	1
Ads and limited skips??? Come on Spotify. You are going to lose customers now. The reason I left Pandora was the ads and skip limits!! NOT HAPPY!!	0
Love the app , although they shud let rhe ppl online have a lil more accessible option	1
I love how I can turn off the screen and still listen. My only complaint is how it will play the next newer podcast file rather than go down the list.. it would be nice if there was an option to autoplay in either direction on the list	1
Not work in my mobile properly just useless	0
Why so many ads in every 2 songs. They say one ads for 30 min whts going on this app Too many ads worst app	0
Why can't you choose your own songs? It'll make it simpler and give people more freedom.	0
Loved Spotify premium when I had it, but as soon as I couldn't afford it I was booted to free Spotify, and I never realized how absolutely awful it is. Limited skips and the inability to pick a song or make a queue is maddening. As someone with ADHD, I need this ability because I often need specific songs for certain activities. But no, that is now impossible because I am poor. Thanks for making me feel worse about it, Spotify.	0
Spotify just gives a wonderful experience to music	1
It's alright best to get a subscription to enjoy all features. It's still good when free too.	1
I just love having access to all types of songs that speak to my current situations. Love being able to download and listen even when I'm away from home. My alarm is linked to Spotify and my mornings start with the best melodies	1
I am not able to open Spotify it just freezes when I try to open it on the main screen I can't listen to songs 😭 HELP!!!	0
Would've been 5 star but the shuffle music isnt needed I'm trying to listen to specific song instead it plays a different song	0
Great app easy to listen and share music	1
I hate everything about this app, the most user-friendly app I have ever purchased. Day one and I can not cancel it fast enough.	0
Love it! Easy and everything I love	1
Exceptional application and exquisite terms of use.	1
Great app, it's my go to for music.	1
I'm glad I can listen to my favourite podcasts but this whole you have to pay all of a sudden to listen to a song you like, that is not worth it, i suggest you take a step down with the latest update	0
Just able to here some Playlist of certain artist and Era.	1
Literally , Spotify is awesome 👌🏻 👏 .Just love it 😀 😍 ❤️	1
1 Star because in after every songs advertisement started.. this is very bad idea... Please change this... Then it will be Better One all other apps... Thank you..	0
every time I want to open an mp3 file on my cellphone, it opens with the Spotify application. is there no option to stop it? please remove that ASAP.	0
I love this app! Found musiç that I've been looking for for years - and compiled playlists according to my tastes. Easy to use, even for me.....somewhat elderly, to put it politely. I recommend this app.	1
Google Home speaker volumes never stay at what I set them to when playing via Spotify. Set the volume from Spotify and it resets one speaker (but not the other) back down to ~25%, when I didn't ask it to do that, even if I was turning the volume UP it still resets it down. It's really annoying and it needs to be fixed.	0
On playstation ads freeze up the app and it has to be restarted once a week of not more. On my phone I have to force close the app or else it will stay open in the background.	0
This app just stopped working.....uninstalled numerous times, reset the cell, cleared the cache and still not working...family premium member and I can't use it! Very frustrating!!!!!!	0
This app was good before not now cus this is not performing well with my phone it crashes frequently and shows ' no internet connection ' even though it is connected. It's kinda disappointed with Spotify	0
Absolutely 💯 % fantastic for music of any genre looking forward to the moment I move to premium.	1
Group session is not working even when I'm on premium	0
The best app ever, I got a collection of music from AC/DC to Zebra and over 50 playlist on file... Spotify Your The Best, forget the rest... 2021-2022 and still going strong... Shut-Up Randy	1
This is a great app to use for listening to music for free! The only problem is sometimes I'll get like 5 ads in a row. But otherwise 10/10 recommend!	1
spotify on chromebook is awful, i genuinely dont understand why it is so bad. the app shuts down almost every hour, the music is laggy and you cannot see friends activity. i really hope they improve the app because it honestly ruins my music listening experience while i work on my chromebook	0
I have downloaded the Spotify app on my Android phone and it gets stuck at the Spotify logo. I've restarted my phone a few times. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app. I've forced stop the app and restart it again. I'm connected to the internet. Nothing works. It remained stuck at the Spotify logo.	0
This app sucks. It is the worst. I have tried managing it but it just isn't worth it. Don't install the app especially if you have a Samsung. It doesn't allow you to fast forward the music. It also doesn't let you to go back to a previous song or go to the next song for free. I hate this god damn app😡😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡🔥😡😡. It f ing sucks 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡.	0
You know, ive had this app for a couple years now. I even PAID FOR PREMIUM. IT DOES NO GOOD. ON -ROKU- THEY STILL HAVE NOT FIXED THEIR APP TO PLAY MORE THAN 10 MINUTES WITHOUT FREEZING!!! YOU HAVE ONLY 1 JOB, PEOPLE. LITTLE CHANNELS PRODUCED IN GRANDMAS BASEMENT CAN RUN SEEMLESSLY ON -ROKU- WHY CANT YOU?	0
My type of songs. Love them. Thank you🌺	1
Best music player ....... You can create your own playlist ans share with your friend's and realtives ....... Just one problem it contains add when you don't have premium subscription ..... I have premium subscription so i dont face problem	1
Just love all the great music choices!!!	1
Changed my previous back to 5 stars. The ability to preview songs before adding them to your playlist is back. Back to being my favorite music app :)	1
It is a very good app. It has all the music you need. So you should all try it	1
bring back the ability to play and shuffle at the same time or i'm canceling my premium. this is ridiculous, who asked for that to go away?	0
Found everything i wanted in this app I'm going premium very affordable	1
Don’t download this app this app is trying is best to make it hard to listen songs. Hate suffle 🤬 Just try mod apk its great or buy premium don’t be a fool😘	0
Player doesn't remember the time i left off at while listening to podcasts, seems like every update breaks a major component of this app...	0
The app sucks. I pay for dual membership and it constantly stops on its own for no reason, not connected to anything. The play bar disappears and the only way to pause it is to close the app entirely. It constantly rewinds itself 10 seconds when playing podcasts. And it's not just my phone it's my husband's too. Both are fairly new phones. It's ridiculous to pay for a service as much as we do and they can't even get the app to work properly. And I do have auto updates turned on.	0
2 stars due to lagging play a song allgood 2nd song comes on plays for about 20sec then cuts off everytime. Iv uninstalled and reinstalled to see if it fix the problem and nothing still the same and I'm a premium customer this use to be one of the best apps.. what's going on Spotify paid customer to get ripped off not cool. If not fixed uninstalling for good take my $$ somewhere else.	0
I'd rather use YouTube/ YouTube music. At least it gives you enough features while having the ads. Spotify doesn't even play some songs if you don't have a subscription	0
They blatantly lie about the free version, making me distrust them so much I won't uograde to premium. They claim that fewer than 15 tracks on a playlist in free mode means they'll add songs to the playlist. I have >20 & they keep adding tracks, including tracks I already hid. Plus, they are STILL one of the worst in paying artists, so I'll continue to pay Apple Music despite its glitches (pays almost double). App's also not intuitive, and I won't pay extra for something misleading and greedy.	0
Best music streaming app I have used. **After a few years, I still agree. I used Pandora, and have access to it free w/ TMobile, have used IHeart and others. My experience w/ Spotify does not falter.	1
It is amazing and so much fun to listen the song back to back with spotify I loved this app	1
New updates brought a "Allow Bluetooth" screen to popup everytime I open the app. Not sure why it keeps asking permissions for things it already has and might actively be using	0
Always interrupts ads	0
Developer's, You collect to much of my personal info, then it states I can delete all of my personal info. I can't delete mine! I just turned phone on. Spotify was playing a show when I didn't turn Spotify on. I uninstalled the application. I want my personal information Deleted! Please fix this. I don't know what Android wear is, but that's the 1st question.	0
Apart from having to pay £10 because that all I can afford to get ad free music is PERFECT! Thx	1
Fix Android Auto integration. Performance is poor and interface is terrible. Menus are very poorly thought-out, recently played is never up to date and playlists are difficult to search.	0
The last update of Spotify is totally sucks. I can't played all my favorites music anymore if im offline and all my downloaded playlist is totally gone. What happened Spotify fixed all the bug and changes and all the mess you done. And its restricted the plan even you pay premium. Please back the old update. I loved the application but this is very disappointed and frustrating. Im using Spotify from the start and paying premium every monthly.	0
It's really good app because in the traveling we can listen many playlist...	1
To many advertisement!!!	0
I've used it for years. Even without premium there aren't many ads so it's ok to listen without it.	1
Always have music on so use Spotify and stream it through house.	1
Love no ads!	1
The app will NOT work. Just a black screen with spotify icon. Have cleared cache and data, logged out, reinstalled, restarted device. No purported solutions work!! So frustrating. Support is garbage as well. Chat support has you do the abovementioned over and over with same results...Einstein's definition. Premium is a cimolete ripoff if it won't work on mobile devices!!!!	0
Free listeners get about a minute and a half of ads every two songs. It's crazy excessive. And you're forced to listen to you're playlist on shuffle. You can't pick what song you want to listen to, or listen to your playlist straight through. I know they want you to buy Spotify Premium, but ruining the free experience is not the way to do it	0
If you want to be a free listener, then don't get it. You have limited skips and you can't pick the songs you want. I would recommend Pandora.	0
User interface isn't customizable and Spotify doesn't care what their users want. Another company that doesn't respect their paid users.	0
6/29 Update - STILL Constantly deletes downloaded songs. All the time it just deletes the entire library.	0
Really great app with loads of feature in their premiums.	1
Really 5minutes of adds???🤬🤬🤬🤬 Sometimes even more than 5mins and just to get 30minutes add free? 😡😡😡😡	0
It was great to have something that works it was great to have something that works oh I said that twice	1
World best music player 👍👍👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍👌👌👌❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤lovely app for music	1
Great algorithm, loving the app.	1
Easy to use, sound is okay. They took away, for free users, the ability to pick a song from an album and add it to a Playlist. They wouldn't let you listen to it, which is fair, but atleast you could add it to a Playlist and enjoy later. Now all you can do is shuffle a artist and hope you get the song you want.	0
So easy to use and it is awsome app.	1
Awesome...has tons of song options and almost always has the songs I'm looking for!! Highly recommend this app to everyone.	1
If I could give zero I would worst music app ever	0
I really enjoy as it is ad free.	1
Glitchiest POS app i have on my phone but great music selection.	0
Insanely great app for listening to musics of your choice	1
Great experience I like music collection and sound quality	1
Love it...no complaints. Love the customization, the ability to one particular song, and listening to an artist station that only plays THAT ARTIST and not similar ones too.	1
Love it!!!!!!! Music old and new, podcasts, make and share playlists.	1
Love the variety and so easy to use!	1
The best music app I have ever used in my life Offers great sound quality 🔥	1
It glitches when my phone screen turns off and won't play😠	0
I love music . Nice experience	1
I love the app I would give it 4 stars but it keeps on playing suggested songs and I don't know how to take them of.	0
Always a great selection of music. Never disappointed 😉 It's my go to daily	1
So far so good! Just getting it, so I haven't explored through it yet.	1
I listen to it every day. Lots of options for us podcast junkies	1
I hate the recent changes to the "My Library" section of the app. Bad design choice. Please revert back. -6/7/2021 That was my last review. Now I'm going back and reducing my rating even further because the quality of service from Spotify and their application has gotten worse. I pay for Spotify premium to have an ad free listening experience. Spotify is now inserting ads into podcasts that already have integrated sponsorships, even for premium users. 1 star.	0
Love Spotify. I especially like how Spotify exposes me to music that I would normally never hear on commercial radio. Totally recommend	1
This device is too slow and too demanding. There's s lot of features that complicate it's use. Spotify does not work at all.	0
Amazing! Almost every day at every hour I listen to music and Spotify gives me a lot of opportunities to keep listening my favorite jams and podcast.	1
Good library to choose from.	1
I just love Spotify. I never go a day without it!	1
Love it, simple to use, but effective!	1
Such a wonderful app, but it contains adds after each song. This is the only demerit in this app. Other features are awesome.	1
I like the app so far. I should take the time to make more playlist.	1
High quality of sound	1
This app annoyed me too much, come on!! Ads after every single music?? Why why why??? And I'm not a billionaire to get premium account...	0
All your music needs in one place	1
I can hear all my favourite songs	1
If I say play my liked songs don't play songs that I didn't like I liked them for a reason so I can listen to it	0
Since the update it constantly crashes	0
I disabled the automatic and timer player, but nothing works on this app ! Waking me up at 12 am !!!! With this music that I don't even like and I couldn't find a way to delete this music from play recently or from history!	0
This app does not work, song quality is subpar. Find literally anything else.	0
Best music app period	1
Terrible android performance lately. Loss of audio, playbar constantly disappearing. Constant Bluetooth issues. Please fix this.	0
Nice with excellent music/I like the sound of the music	1
Full of adds for every 5 mins.	0
Every time I play the sound, for example the song "tak ingin usai", when I play the song instead of "tak ingin usai" it's another song instead.	0
Fun, good music selection	1
Can't really use cuz can't play songs that I like because it add songs for you, deing able to download 1-2 songs for free,light mode but like I'm gonna use it and make it easyer to find settings (mobile)	0
Never take their offer. They wont stop charging you! Its because anyone on your network can click on premium and your paying. No way to stop this, have to delete Spotify and never use it again. Only option. You will have to cancel your bank card. They will ask for pictures of your bank account to prove it. Dont trust these criminals at all with your bank info.	0
Best music quality of all music apps.Even all new and old songs are present on Spotify. And provides you playlists of your own choice.	1
Spotify was great ... but now..it's not the same. I cannot get karaoke mode in my samsung tab and for many songs lyrics are not there	0
Love it so much haven't experienced any problems so far. It's good to listen to podcasts while jogging or busy with work that doesn't need my full attention.	1
Great selection of music and podcasts	1
Too many ads and can't pick a song always dhaffles.	0
Bad functionality , sometimes it's nt working proper.	0
Love the music, love the layout, love eveything about it, only issues I've had were at times not being able to see the year recap, not that important but it's a great feature at the end of the year or decade and lots of people put effort into others and users seeing it, and some look forward to seeing their music efforts or changes or feelings, so it kinda sucks that it can but out for you If you are on a lower end phone or a phone with poor storage, mine has both issues, but otherwise, love it	1
Why the hell this crashes everytime	0
Nice app for listening songs	1
Very nice app I get all the songs without give money and with very less ad	1
I love that you can multiple playlist it's really wonderful to be able to play the music that you like and the different playlist and even ones with albums to play whenever you want them to or to play continuously it's there are no ads eit I've never loved music more I can pick all the ones that I want and put them in one John and I can pick all the other ones that I really like and put them in another one and then I have at least two that I can listen to but I have five right now and it's great	1
I've been using Spotify for a while now and i really like the expirence but lately the app is not opening at i tried everything but it's not opening i humbly request u to fix this problem as i really like this app and it's music quality.	0
Probably the best music app ever made, its only downside is that it doesn't have that much unreleased music	1
The best music app n experience ever ..kudos to the creator...but make it a bit cheap to give access to all n sundry	1
Why I like this app it has no ads I hate ads like mad it get me mad any way I give big thanks to the developers I like that keep it up	1
No problem in using this app got better experience here a large collection of song or we can say that universal collection...	1
Some UI hiccups quite often (freezes, UI inresponsive etc.). Also, keeps asking Bluetooh permission all the time, this is super annoying! If I say no (actually not an option, only "Maybe later"), the app should not keep pushing for an access. I find it little shady that app wants to constantly spy the BT devices near me.	0
Poor optimization and network issue	0
The best music streaming app ever, love the wrapped and all the other features that keep this app new and fresh all year round 💕	1
Love my Playlist that Spotify recommends. I have my family hooked as well.	1
Stop adding random songs to my Playlist, it's annoying	0
Just downloaded it today and created an account. Tried playing any music but no avail. It doesn't play any music at all	0
There are a lot of ads but hey its free. Aside from the ads I absolutely love this app. I like all diff types of music and this app has many options. I can listen to whatever I feel like at the moment.	1
I don't if it's just me or what, but I hate it when the share lyrics button removed on my spotify, I'd suggest to put that feature again.	1
This is the best app for listening a music, background,sound quality is awesome, I make a playlist on this app nd it become best ever... 😇	1
6skips per hour +they will force you to listen in other song that you don't even want so you are most likely to skip it that's where the annoying part is gonna start... 6skips won't be enough to play the song you want like I mean literally.	0
Absolutely love Spotify.	1
Full of ads .. they offer 30 minutes of uninterrupted listening and then ad came after every song	0
Cannot pick or choose any song from the album list..only can pick the first song..after that,need to wait the album finish shuffled all song..please fix this problem..need a free acces to pick or choose the song we want to play	0
It was awesome can't stop listening to it such a great s*** all the time 247	1
So many broken or faulty things in the app it is embarrassing. Like if I download podcast episodes, I want to be able play them when I do not have an internet connection. But you can't do that since you need a connection to view your download list.	0
Can't play on s22 without it pausing when screen is locked. Changed permissions and reinstalled and hasn't changed	0
Good to listen even if you dont have premium	1
Very bad do not download why paying for something which is free forever!	0
Most entertaining and exciting,with excellent switching from one zoner to another swiftly.so many apps for music r there ,but SPOTIFY IS par excellence.	1
This is the best music app. Stress buster. Best mind relief. I love this app	1
Great music at my fingertips. Love it	1
Buggy mess on samsung fold. Whoever fault it is, the OS does not pick up spotifys audio stream as media, so once you start playing a song it cannot be stopped or interacted with without quitting the app. Audio continues to pay in background on other apps such as YouTube	0
Love Spotify new to it enjoying it	1
It's so good to listen to good music on a user friendly platform,but still room for improvement, Spotify is oviously the best out there. HIGHLY RECOMMEND DOWNLOAD	1
Started off well, could listen to songs and skip songs if I wasn't wanting to listen to that one that day. Then suddenly cannot skip songs. By all means have adverts but allow songs to be skipped. Songs have emotional connections and some days you're not ready for certain songs. I think I will have to delete	0
App stopped working after update. I can only play saved music because the main page or search doesn't appear at all.	0
Latest update I cannot pause, fast forward a song or close the app. Review just went from 5 stars to 1 star.	0
Right now I'm trying to play my fav song on this app yknow it just starts at the end it didn't even started at the start of the lyrics plus I can't play my fav songs in my playlist it just plays a different songs pls fix this F you Spotify bring back old Spotify!	0
Love it i wish i had premium tho i sadly cant purchase dtuff on my phone	1
This app is good but it should be run offline as well	1
I really loves this app is great I've give it a five stars	1
Great app! But I really do wish Spotify would include loseless audio for a much better music quality.	1
I use to love this app. To me, it use to be one of the best music apps. But after last update, it has gone down hill. Now when I listen to a playlist it will just start playing random music and then start the playlist over again. I use to never have any problems. Now it is full of bugs. Until it gets fixed, I won't be using it anymore. Until it is fixed, I wouldn't recommend it to others either.	0
Why i cant update my app you have a new karaoke mode but my app is still not updated.	0
WHEN A PERSON SELECTS TO CHOSE AN ALBUM, ALL HE WANTS TO LISTEN TO, IS THAT SPECIFIC ALBUM. I HATE HOW RANDOM SONGS END UP INBETWEEN TRACKS OF ALBUMS. I ALSO HATE THE NOT BEING ABLE TO SKIP TRACKS. THE NOT BEING ABLE TO GO BACK AS WELL.	0
No prob with music.excellent	1
App bugs, shows "No internet available" , even i have High speed connection available.	0
You can stream songs in a lot of places this might be the worst, if you want to make a play list they add songs to YOUR play list and give you only 6 skips an hour so you don't get to listen to your own songs on YOUR play list you don't have enough skips to get to your songs and if you delete them of the play list they add more it is very anoing if you just want to play some music.	0
I get this trash for free from work. Won't use it because of all the hate, and misinformation Joe spreads.	0
I'm a premium user and I love the app. But for the past one week, It has been showing 'no internet connection' and my network is very good. Please fix this.	1
Absolutely amazing app, can't complain.	1
I love Spotify music I can find all of my music that I love music that I grew up with with my sisters and brothers and my mother and father	1
garbage app, i literally can't subscribe to premium, every time i try to click the "send pin" it just says "oops, something went wrong, please try again or contact our support team", i tried to subscribe on my laptop, used incognito mode, restarted my phone, used a different browser but nothing worked. I'll just stick with YouTube music.	0
I'm on the road all the time this app is great for the random Playlist	1
𝐈 𝐝𝐨𝐧'𝐭 𝐤𝐧𝐨𝐰 𝐛𝐮𝐭 𝐈'𝐦 𝐬𝐨 𝐝𝐢𝐬𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐝 𝐛𝐞𝐜𝐚𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐰𝐡𝐞𝐧 𝐈'𝐦 𝐩𝐥𝐚𝐲𝐞𝐝 𝐦𝐲 𝐟𝐚𝐯𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐞 𝐬𝐨𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐬 𝐧𝐨 𝐬𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐝 𝐜𝐚𝐧'𝐭 𝐩𝐥𝐚𝐲𝐞𝐝 𝐟𝐢𝐱 𝐢𝐭 𝐈𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐤 𝐧𝐞𝐞𝐝 𝐚 𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐩𝐡𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐬 𝐛𝐮𝐭 𝐈 𝐝𝐨𝐧'𝐭 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐩𝐡𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐬 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐦𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐜 𝐜𝐚𝐧'𝐭 𝐝𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐥𝐨𝐚𝐝 𝐧𝐞𝐞𝐝 𝐬𝐨𝐦𝐞 𝐩𝐚𝐲𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐛𝐮𝐭 𝐈 𝐝𝐨𝐧'𝐭 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐦𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐲 𝐈'𝐦 𝐣𝐮𝐬𝐭 𝐬𝐚𝐲𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐈'𝐦 𝐬𝐨 𝐝𝐢𝐬𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐝 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬𝐚𝐩𝐩	0
Too many ads	0
I think this is the good app..i really like this app...	1
Great app lots of music and can read lyrics too!	1
Best app for music and the free premium for a month is good to	1
It got some good music on here and easy to work with.	1
Amazing sound and loved the app	1
It's good but when I playy fav song it play other song that I don't like and it makes me mad because I tried it hundred times but still it play other song	0
Overall it's an amazing music app. However, i have recently been unable to see some of the buttons and icons when operating the app. It definitely looks weird and incomplete. It would also be nice if non-premium users would get a chance to join in on the group sessions. I'd have given a 5⭐ but I'll do a 2⭐ until the issue is resolved.	0
To many adds . After a song you get a add this goes on and on.	0
Very good music excellent to listen to . A fantastic variety of music to choose from	1
The app wont load. Uninstalled, reinstalled, restarted phone, freezes at logo screen. I pay for this and cant access ANY of my music. That unsubscribe button is looking very tempting..	0
I rate it to stars because it's just it's just so boring it won't let me play on music something was very bad about this can anyone fix this please fix the Spotify	0
Cant cancel my premium account. There is no option and i have been charged	0
In love with the new update, the song recommendations and the cross fade when the track changes, just amazing.	1
It's great now I can use this app at my country cause previously you couldn't connect to it	1
I'm Very disappointed in this app it keeps playing the other songs that I didn't add in my playlist I skipped many songs but the random songs keep playing in my playlist.	0
Would definitely recommend Spotify to a friend.	1
Love this music app!	1
Best online music platform ever.	1
App is a mess, playback wont continue anymore. Sick to death of this "premium" service that constantly cuts in and out. Sick of posting help post in community. Going back to pirating.	0
False advertisement Well ihave been using jio savan but iam sick of adds in the middle of songs uninstalled the app. Then coincidentally i saw soo many adds related to spotify telling its add free, for this reason iam sold. After installing 1st day is normal no adds, started in the nxt day. So many adds foe every single sond there is add, if you really showing adds then dont advertise as add free.	0
The best music app indeed.	1
Why don't your l have the premium mini And why did you're make this app can't listen to a music with out paying	0
The sound turns off even though it shows the song is being played.	0
hires audio online app, enjoy every music clear crisp	1
It provides everything I need to listen to music from the past and present.	1
We can hear songs in between adds Prepared for adds play list Every song adds	0
Such a good app I mean what's wrong about it you have a repeat playlist so you can listen to your favorite songs but one thing add more skips plz Spotify well by adding more skips still a five stars 🤩	1
I had to switch accounts due to a mistake. Now after I logged out the app won't even load! I've done everything possible 5 times over & nothing will get the app to load.	0
The new update is incredibly nice and sound quality is good! Spotify Premium is truly worth it. I absolutely recommend Spotify more than other music streaming services. Thank you Spotify! 😊	1
Doesn't have streaming issues n it quite entertaining and you gotta get it if u don't already have it	1
bro I be spending hours listening to music on this app i love it. it works fine most of the time (the ads are annoying but I understand that there need to be ads for the app to be free) but I really like making playlists and stuff.	1
I want shuffle button for free user or make this app non free user anymore	0
I love being able to feel emotions by music. Spotify is amazing.	1
I really enjoy Spotify. It's only real drawback are the ads. I understand the necessity, but some (many) podcasts play the same ad up to three times IN A ROW. Extremely annoying.	1
It's yo good, I can't say anything to increase it	1
The best music app, i was a Gaana plus user and recently switched to Spotify. I am very much happy, Spotify app is very much polished and bug free than Gaana and Music recommendations are also spot on.	1
First time using it. Love it's variety and rich sound!	1
Easy to use and love all the options for listening pleasure	1
So very nice is spotofy app	1
Props 2 the writer of the short but informative Intel. When u dig into the bands page& read their history. As a metal head during its prime I think ur pretty spot on most of the stories about how the bands portrayed the music in that time and how the fans seen them. The app is great BTW. Been a paid customer 4 about 6 plus yrs. Not sure how long I can hang on being a paid customer, as we all know r country is going 2 hell in a hand basket, only essentials around the corner. Pray 4 us as humans	1
They hold your downloaded songs hostage unless you pay or uninstall the app. They don't even have permission to my files but they found a way into them I guess.	0
On any other phone this would be a 5 star review, I'd just like to bring attention to the fact that the app is barely usable on the Galaxy Note 9. It acts like it doesn't have internet access when it does (regardless of the WiFi or 4G network I'm connected to) and it takes about 5-10 minutes to realize it actually has internet access, then takes another minute or so to load my library.	0
While online, stops playing after 10 seconds of 1 in 5 songs. While offline, completely refuses to play 1 in 5 downloaded songs. Constantly forgets which songs I liked. Offline mode sucks. Tapping the 3 dot menu on a song spends 3 seconds trying to load even though there is clearly nothing to load. I can't browse music by artist and album, only filtering the list of all downloaded songs which doesn't even work. Typing an artist's name often onlow shows 20% of their songs I downloaded.	0
I stopped paying for Spotify because I disliked how many songs were repeated in many play lists 🙄 sometimes they put a song in a playlist if it can be remotely attributed to a genre 😏 wouldn't allow me to revert to free version when they no longer got my money. Or how about I had to pay them and my phone bill at the Same time, so if I'm away from wifi, I have to pay twice to listen to a song...no thanks! All about money	0
Love the music and my Playlist.	1
Fun and fast both nastalgic and Inlightning with recommendations.	1
I loved the songs,hoping soon the lyrics were available ,im using premium account.	1
Constantly pauses playback...trash. its 2022 streaming is nothing new there is zero reason for any bs	0
The best and easiest music option	1
Spotify is absolutely awesome,	1
Current version very glitchy for music playback. 10+ hiccups(micro pauses per song).	0
You put songs in my playlist that I don't want in my playlist cuz I just want to listen to my music on repeat and won't let me play songs i search for	0
best songs app :)	1
I get to listen to good music and do something also.	1
The app freezes and I have to reset it ALL THE TIME. Please, fix this 'cause I love the music quality and the all the app's functions.	1
Worst app ever. Service provider music player horrible. Dont bother subscribing some how it's worse when you pay monthly does not matter the device. I rather have my phone open and listen to YouTube for free then pay 15$ for this broken garbage	0
The songs are spirit filled songs they are beautiful	1
Great app just missing a few songs., if you can take advantage of 90 free trail. It's worth it for downloading music.	1
Jkartel is the best artist on Spotify but he's very underrated	1
No words can express how I love this 😍❤❤❤	1
Please add option to listen from the beginning when playing podcasts episodes.	0
Cool. Played for background while bridge ladies were here. They wanted to know about it. So I showed them that I had it on my phone. They loved it.	1
I've used Amazon Music Unlimited, Apple Music, and YouTube Music, and this one is my new favorite music streaming app. I have premium currently. The song radios are seamless and it's easy for the most part to navigate the app. Some things are much more convenient on the PC version, like moving lists of songs from one playlist to another. I'm glad it warns you if you are about to add a song to a playlist that already has the same song, it lessens the likelihood of repeats.	1
Mind-blowing very lovable app for me 👌😍🥰♥️🔥better sound quality and minimum ads which is good ☺️	1
I had problems soon after installing the app. It seems impossible to shut it off completely. I was trying to travel using the Waze app for navigation. Spotify kept playing music unexpectedly interfering with my trip. The only quick solution was uninstall it, so I could safely travel using Waze as intended.	0
Spotify is best	1
I love spotify I use it every day	1
Cannot use the app. When i want to listen to a song it plays an entirely different song that has no connetion to the one i want. If i want to listen to another song on my playlist it wont allow me and it'll keep playing the song i dont want to listen to.	0
Awesome app. Never going back to other apps	1
Pretty reliable bad cell service or not	1
Sick of spotify blaming their awful service on customers with "high expectations." OH, you are sorry the service didn't work as I EXPECTED IT TO????? I guess it was too much to assume that your garbage app would do anything it said it would, just like you corporate clowns. My bad. Keeps getting worse and worse. Right on the cusp of canceling. I'd rather have no music than deal with this headache.	0
I'm going to be discontinuing this service. They play the same songs over and over again on the artist channels. But more than anything, it's their support for that right-wing podcast person and paying him millions of dollars to spew out hatred and the Trump type of ugliness. I definitely prefer calm radio and it's a much better deal	0
Bloatware garbage, unsolicited & pushed onto people with Samsung phones just like the Facebook & Netflix apps. Any app/business that forces itself onto customers of other products obviously isn't customer focused, rather it behaves like a scammer. Will never use Spotify again.	0
Sound comes in and out every 4 seconds or so. I don't have this issue with any other app. I love Spotify but not if I can only listen to music in 4 second intervals.	0
I highly recommend using this, no subscription needed to enjoy!	1
Best music app there is. Legit not one song I haven't been disappointed knd.	1
Login doesn't work on app	0
Always awesome play lists!	1
spotify is by far the best way to listen to the music you love to stream and its free and premium allows you to keep your downloads and listen to them offline with premium amazing	1
My goto music app, HQ bitrate needed.	1
Good just wish it labeled better so it was more user friendly	1
Best sound, best quality of songs.	1
The app provides access to various smaller artists and provides them a platform to be heard	1
Nice audio quality and great collection	1
I like the app so much , but the fact that I cant choose the song I want from my playlist is so painfull , and you can even imagine how painfull it is ... and now I am thinking to transform to another platform to play my music .	0
Great anytime music app.	1
Music has always been like a getaway for me and this really has helped me through hard times!!	1
Spotify is hands down the best music app I've used. It has every song you could imagine and lots of fanmade playlists to enjoy. It also has a fair parental ristriction that still gives a good 70 percent of the music. Defo recommend	1
My choice of app for music and commentary	1
Thise are a very usefull app and it get u all the songs ure looking for from old-school to new generation stuff	1
I use my account every day, but today the mobile app just stopped working. I updated it and nothing. I uninstalled and then reinstalled it, twice, and nothing. It just sits there with a black screen and won't load.	0
My favorite way to hear music, podcast and mediate!	1
App keeps not showing the song or podcast (time line with the skip back and forth icons)	0
I don't understand what everyone is saying. I'm a free user and I can still play any song i want, I don't get ads and I don't have limited skips. So I don't see what the problem is. Love this app ❤	1
Great app only problem is it is to big for me to keep on my phone Would be good if it was possible to move app to SD card	0
Switched from Amazon Music to Spotify, so far I only see improvements, no unnecessary extra subscriptions to listen to my favourite songs. I'll definitely be sticking with Spotify for the foreseeable future. 😁	1
I like it it plays what I want to hear the music I like to hear you know it plays continually even if I cut the phone off so I do like this app a lot Recommend it for everyone	1
It has like all the songs. 🎵 It is also super easy to find the song you won't to listen to. There is the perfect amount of ads as well. You can listen to songs anywhere you like.	1
All the music I could ever want, and more! It's my understanding that Spotify doesnt censor out dissenting views in podcasts, That is why I signed up. So refreshing to see an organization with integrity!	1
Love my Spotify !! ❤ Thank you !!👍🙂	1
Best music I just need premium.	1
Alot of ads but dose the job	1
I can listen to all my fav songs And podcasts	1
This update is so disappointing when I make my own playlist it's suck because of the shuffle and it's start to play some song that I don't even add on my playlist	0
If I had chance I wouldn't give one star because too many ads are so disappointing that's why please if you don't want to hear ads repeatedly then don't download this app. The main problem is that after 1 to 2 songs again and again bloody boring ads. The Worst app I have ever downloaded 😑 😒	0
Easy to use. Great selection.	1
Really good app, new to it , with no prob.	1
Awesome Always playing this over any station on my Alexa	1
This app is seriously so buggy. I used to love Spotify but it skips like CD. Well turn off when the screen goes dark (the only reason any of us pay for you tube is to avoid this). Also, I've had the play bar disappear on me and I couldn't pause and play the song. I had to exit the app to turn off audio. I'm getting so sick of it and I've told my husband it's not worth an endless library of songs and podcasts if I can't enjoy listening to them. I've Uninstalled and reinstalled the app, nothing.	0
Spotify gets to know you and will make you cry when you need to cry, laugh when it's time to let go, and smile when you remember everything you've been through and how strong you are now because of it.	1
I'm trying to subscribe for samsung premium and it just keeps loading, it's not even taking me to the payment interface or stage	0
I don't play much music on my phone and I'm excited to use this app! Superb!	1
They made a update I think and I can't even get to here my fav songs this is dumb	0
Great sound, wide variety	1
App is trash.. If you can use podcast addict do it. They are awesome. This app crashes glitches stops and starts randomly and denies control at times. If it wasn't for Rogan I'd never have downloaded it.	0
Wow great app for music	1
Me and my fiance that's overseas can listen from the same Playlist... it's another way we connect with each other when he's gone...	1
I enjoy the choices of artist and songs I can choose	1
Best Music app have come across! Getting all my favourite music and all i want! Mahn this the best no need of more already this is enough.. is good to go with. Clear sounds too. This 10/10	1
Constant shutdowns and issues despite updated software and new android.	0
I love Spotify, and all of the great features. If anything I wish I could add all of my liked songs from one artist to a playlist.	1
It's a good app to listen to your favorite songs some people complain about the 6 skips an hour but its great it gives you a chance to find new music / new things you might be interested it or like👍. Overall great app	1
I like 50s and 60s 🎶 holds lots of memories for me and hubby John that I care for 24/7 we have sing song just the two of us🤗🤗🤗💞	1
Love the app just can't get premium cuz I'm not always goin to the store	1
Ads are getting excessive!	0
First time signing up with Spotify, still learning how to use the application.	1
I love how I am able to link with Shazam for easier playlist additions and am able to retrieve playlists from years gone by , when they were erased by spiteful ex. Thx Spotify	1
By far the worst music app. Plays the same 10 songs every time you shuffle, ads are beyond annoying, and you can't even view album anymore without paying. Back to pirating	0
I love Spotify!!! I love that I can listen to music offline. 💕💕💕	1
to the person who said you can't organize your music by genre: yes you can	1
The best app ever....runs smooth ❤	1
You can't choose specific songs without paying... So this is basically just the radio... Still with ads... There's no reason to use this service ever, can't believe anyone would give them money, I'm afraid to see what their 'premium' service actually offers	0
Spodify is cool. The only issue is. You cannot play your favorite song on repeat unless you pay. So they'll play music that you're not even interested in which is the biggest con.	0
Why does this crash constantly?	0
when i add songs to queue, only the last added song shows up and then it plays backwards, so, from the last added song	0
So dumb that you guys were out for a while and silly haven't fixed this app like I pick a song and it puts on another song that just didn't even pick I recommend people to use another app instead of this one	0
Even after a new update, spotify never works properly. Now the issue is its not playing podcast videos. Really tired of paying for an app that never works. Cleared my cash, force stopped the app, checked settings allow all data and not save pods as audio only	0
After free trial ends it's just a overall trash app😔 but you can fix that by paying premium 👍 after that it's the best music app I promise, but if you don't want to pay for premium I suggest SoundCloud	0
Not bad great app. Continue promoting the music	0
It really works. The quality is excellent and the music choices available are abundant. Great App. *****	1
This app is awful.. I used to love it but it has recently stopped working. I can't do anything on it and there is not way to fix it.	0
A good way to hear music we like on the go, at home, at the office	1
Easily my favorite music app, Spotify is the best in my opinion. The simple user interface, super deep catalog of music/podcasts and it's well worth the subscription to not hear the commercials 👍	1
After getting the 1 month subscription Spotify app on my windows 11 is not working! It shows "Spotify can't play this right now. if u have the file in your computer you can import it". I have even tried reinstalling the app but it still acts the same. + All Songs aren't downloading in my mobile!	0
Favorite music streaming app. Been using it for years along with Premium and have had little to few problems. Imo, worth the $10 a month. By being a beta tester (which I am as well), you can test new things they're thinking about adding to the app for a short period of time and its quite interesting!	1
I hate this app. You are too selfish to even listen to the fact that this app is not continuing to play music like it's supposed to when you update this music listening app. It loves stopping in the middle of a song and not keep playing like it's meant to do. This is pitiful for everyone and not enjoyable. I looked for a solution to this problem. But all have failed.	0
I used my boyfriends card one time to make a payment and they went and took two payments off with out permission. I did not save the card to the account	0
Love it. No adds just music.	1
one song one ad of 30 second.... really very dissapointed with spotify... rudiculous way to beg for the money...	0
When you play a song, you should see at the bottem which song you are playing and how far you are in the song. But I can't see that anymore please fix this🙏🏻	1
Incredible 😃 is this for music I love 😘 it all time in this app	1
I love listening to music when I work read and draw. I love Spotify and the podcast	1
I'm really really irritated that you only get six skips in your liked list. What if I'm not in the mood to listen to a song that I like? At LEAST give us unlimited skips in our own Playlists. Please. I know I'm not the only one frustrated.	0
Like a meth head selling his daughter on the corner do this- 3 month free trail, after 2.5mths make a new email and account then share playlists rinse and repeat (I am poor can't afford a cup of noodles)	1
Great and easy app	1
Been using Spotify for a decade or so and get nostalgic with some of the songs I've started from back in the day. Thanks Spotify	1
Dont know if its the song or the app but all im getting are bits and blurbs of songs	0
Horrible. Why can't I play a Playlist in order without premium. What's the use of calling it a Playlist if its always on shuffle?	0
Music quality is fine ; decent but for the non premium member its going disappointing day by day .. in my first experience ads appears then after 6 songs now this is after the every 2 songs ... this is not done ... thinking for Uninstall this app ....untill the margin increases to 6 songs 😔 😟 🙁	0
The experience is very good and I recommend choosing this streaming service, other fancier streaming services are more expensive but not all phones can handle that quality so that's why Spotify is a good choice for most of the devices out there because only higher end phones are capable of super high resolution anyways	1
Good app. I can find most of the music I enjoy listening to. However if you do not get the premium you have to listen to a lot of play lists in order to hear the music you like.	0
Rated it one star cause before we could listen to all songs in the desktop app we can listen to songs normally but in phone after the update we only can preview songs even the ones that were there in my playlist please fix this	0
Used to love Spotify, after the last 6months or so it's just been a glitchy mess and every update does nothing to change it getting to the point I want to cancel and find a better service	0
I can find what I'm looking for easily.	1
Superb sound quality Spotify discribed in 3 word SSQ	1
Using for 2 years lately the app is crashing nonstop	1
Best music app out there. Premium is worth the purchase.	1
The app is very very nice. I love this app so so much....	1
Why can't you find a full list of songs by an artist? They're obviously there as you can search for a specific track and bam it's there, but if you do a general search for an artist only 5 tracks show up	0
Its out of rhis world. No words ro desscribe. Its an Awesome expeeience	1
Whenever Im hearing a playlist its always shuffled but the problem is there is no shuffle button. And I couldn't see the songs that were included in the playlist. PLEASE FIX THIS. Its stressing me out.. Edit: I'm sorry I keep whining but please fix this.. Please please please please please please please	0
Love the premium features	1
This app is not working properly	0
Seems like lately every time I boot up Spotify it gets stuck on the loading screen or it'll display the song but it just won't play. It's as though it's paused and it'll say that I'm disconnected from the internet despite having signal or Wi-Fi and all my other apps work. Also sometimes when I boot up and it the queue will disappear along with the player that shows the song I was listening to last.	0
App never works always crashing and lagging I Uninstalled to reinstall and now it won't load	0
This is a great app for creating and sharing playlists, discovering new music/artists/podcasts, and releasing your own work. It is definitely worth buying premium.	1
I really enjoy the scope of music thats available if you can think of if they have it. Ths one thing that rubbed me wrong was, when I set this up I wanted the family plan? I was unable to set up my wife with Spotify and I hear about it from time to time. I should'nt have to tell you about it here but I couldn't get anyone to help with the setup.	1
I always have service even working in a warehouse if I go out of town. I listen to music like people watch TV. Music is therapy and it's a constant thing in my house. I love the no ads/ commercials either	1
Too much Ads are there 👎🏻	0
I really enjoy my music. Spotify is the best App.	1
It's been great, only issue I may have is, with my one very big Playlist, it still repeats some songs, as though there is only like 20 songs instead of 100, but besides that I enjoy it	1
Used to love this app to recently. Now I can't play Playlist or artist I look up. Acting up lately	0
Earlier app was very good and 2 ads come at a tym now 4-5 ads come at a tym and is very difficult to listen on it and network problem is also there	0
Best music app I have seen	1
This app is more concentrating on ADs rather playing a music...even if you here saying listen music without 30 min interruption still after 5 min you will listen a shirt AD... Why should I purchase your app..only to stop ads..common...only stupid people will buy your app to stop ads...rather I will download songs and hear them	0
Great app for music and podcasts. But I want to be able to turn off recommendations (or new releases) or at least close them once I've seen them. I recently got a popup for a podcast with Reba something. I'm not interested. I'm a paying member, I don't want to have to close popups. I want to be able to choose whether to apply the playback speed to one podcast or all. One podcast, I want to listen at 2x another at 1x. I don't want to have to change it every time. Podcast Republic offers this.	0
I dont know what the matter is, but this app, it doesn't want to download at all...trust me my storage space is enough for apps twice the size of mb of spotify idk why it doesnt want to download but I've been trying to download it for the past 5days!!!	0
Too much annoying ads...	0
Recent updates have made the app awful. Always cuts out on Bluetooth, app freezes often and the downloaded songs aren't accessible	0
I like that I can just pick whatever song or album I want.	1
It's just amazing. Better than apple music.	1
Can't sort podcasts by language	0
Its a good music app, just the fact that they have an ad that says " 30 minutes with no ads " which is fake. They wont give u 30 mins without ads. Also they're adding songs to ur playlist, so u will have to waste your skips.	1
Why is the app version restricting than the desktop version? 6 skips per hour and it doesnt even play songs in the playlist that I created it plays songs randomly	0
Why can't you guys set it up so i can move it to my sd card. It hogs up too much space on my phone.	0
It's just an awesome app.it has everything i would want in an app. Keep up the good work!!	1
I have no issues in finding a song. I really like and injoy spotify	1
Even if YOUR 8 YOU CANT LISTEN TO MUSIC YA KNOW WHAT THAT NOT FAIR LET THEN LISTEN TO MUSIC PLUS IT HAS LESS SONGS	0
Awesome app that's why I am giving 5 stars without ads and clear music and number of playlists than you Spotify ...	1
Spotify use to be a 5 star app, adding lyrics was a great addition, and they have a lot of social media influence. However all the other major streaming apps have some type of high-res streaming subscription offer. Why is Spotify so far behind in this!? Artists spend lots of time creating intricate details in music through Dolby Atmos, and Spotify doesn't even give us a chance to stream it that way. Saying they're working on it while other companies have already rolled it out. Let's catch up	0
Spotify is an outstanding music platform, with different genres for all types of music orientated people. Signed G	1
Superb App it is very amazing sound quality also superb and no network issue it work in village area also I give 5 star	1
Love this app! Best music app around!	1
Great app., good Music.	1
AUGH THAT WAS CRAZY, I'VE NEVER ACTUALLY EXPERIENCED THAT SORT OF ATMOSPHERE IN AN APP BEFORE, ITS ABSOLUTE ELECTRIC, THE PASSION, EVERYTHING I'VE HEARD.	1
Excellent sound, great assortment of music, easy to install and program.	1
Great app, makes life happier.	1
Good quality and consistent play format..my go to app	1
Song recommendations were good at first, now they are just repeating over and over again. Just found out that I have followers (W.T.F.?), and I DON'T WANT followers, but I can't remove them, unless I block them. Really really sad about this, I hesitated for a long time in paying for a music app and I'm very disappointed with spotify. 2/5 stars	0
Awesome. Keep on rolling with the songs,thank you	1
Lately the free version is unusable, two adds after every two songs. I am not going too buy that stuff anyway, and yes, they are the same two adds every time.	0
Works well. 30 minutes free of no ads by listening to only 2. All my favorite songs are on here!	1
Doesn't work without data. Pretty much useless if you are not willing to use data while out and about. If you have downloaded playlists, and try to switch between them, the songs just never load, and so you cannot access any of your downloaded music	0
Poor playlist function	0
This app is good for listening but this app can't allow another app with listening so please fix this problem for make your app better thank you	1
Adds song to my playlist and won't let me remove them, THIS APP SUCKS DO NOT GET IT!	0
Spotify keeps crashing in the past hour and i already try to reinstall but it doesnt solve the problem	0
Quite easy, not at all what I expected. But, as they say never expect have hope.	1
awful app. if you need to buy premium just to play the songs you want, might aswell put Spotify not for free. because i cant even listen to the songs i want to listen and could only skip 6 songs an hour.	0
I love Spotify premium. I get to add whatever songs I like with no ads. And I love that you can download your music to listen offline. This is my second month and I love it.	1
Very good music app	1
This new update is changing inside the Spotify, everytime I play my liked song, it only play for 10 second only, unlike the old Spotify, everytime I tap my Like song, it always play the full. I want the old Spotify, this new Spotify is bad.	0
This app's ui is worst then any other app. It always show shows you might like with irrelevant content. And we also can't remove the listens and unliked content from the home menu. It shows nudity type shows . And we can't remove this type of shows from our Spotify home menu. I hope you'll understand.	0
Really good music app	1
Multiple charges...each month i get multiple charges for Spotify on my CC...I try to investigate and can NEVER get an answer. There is no email address to which I can request details. Until this is resolved...this will remain at 1 star...less if i could. Update: still no reply from Spotify and there is no easy way to cancel...so I will do a charge back on my c/c...I have uninstalled	0
Best ever app for listening either latest or old songs and also podcasts	1
I love this app,i think i have seen a music app like this	1
The game is good but if i play my song its not the song i wanted but the app is still good😁	1
Best music experience ever	1
The app doesn't even work, as it doesn't allow me to listen to the music I want to listen to, but instead makes me listen to random songs I've never heard before. Most terrible and useless app I have ever seen. And on top of all of this, they prevent you from doing things such as skipping more than six times per hour, and puting songs on repeat, unless of course you're willing to pay. You've lost a user, since money is obviously more important to you than user convinience.	0
Worst app ever can never skip back to your song and if you click play it continues with whatever it skipped to and that's stupid also u can only skip so much times worst app experience ever rating -100	0
Just ads ads and ads . Ads > music 🤮	0
Horrible app, you cant play songs, when you do it just doesnt work, though the ads are not too bad, would rather use youtube because i can CHOOSE what song i want to play, absolute L	0
Good quaility sound, and easy to acces to.	1
Best app i ever seen but there are not perfect remix version	1
Ads after every song? Not to mention the ads are priority as they don't take time to load off my CELL DATA, yet the song buffers here and there as loading it's data isn't priority over and data. Oh also nice false advertising, "get 30 minutes and free after listening to these ads" I measure the time, and it gets shorter each time, first time it was 27 minutes before an ad, then 22, eventually I measured it lower but can't remember. Good job Spotify, you're throwing yourself away.	0
Idk what happens to the app everything I search is just buffering with full network	0
Used to love this but can't even use it now. It doesn't play anything anymore. Says no internet when all other apps working fine on net. All playlists are apparently now empty. I am paying for a service i can't use. NOT HAPPY AT ALL. Fix this now or lose more customers.	0
Thank you so much for fixing the bugs!!!❤️❤️	1
Very cool app because I can not getting back With Another Event and I will be there at about the same as the one I have is a good time to come by and look at your schedule	1
Too many ads..after every song an adds start playing it's very annoying.... And their it is said that after this as you can enjoy 30 minutes uninterrupted music but it's not true......	0
After I finish hearing all of my song in playlist, it keep playing other songs out of my playlist. And when I skip it will play another songs out of no where and I kindly hate it.	0
I like the app because it is good for listening to music but there is just kn one issue I have I keeps signing me out of my account randomly and it is quite hard to get back into it when does this. Can you please fix that one issue.	0
Works well and customer service is great	1
Easy to use. Have had alot of fun with. Even able to put my podcast on my roku TV.	1
Listening to my favorite songs is easy and without adds.	1
Buggy, cumbersome, and lacks standard features. I used to enjoy having all my podcasts in one place, now I need to use your bloated, battery hungry app. Your garbage app autoplays podcasts even with autoplay off. Your garbage app plays ads at annoying times, ruining the moment on many occasions. Hate you Spotify.	0
This is becoming the worst app day by day. After 2 to 3 songs we just hear the advertisement of buying premium spotify . You even don't know how to attract the customers you are just disturbing their enjoyment. we don't want to buy the premium Spotify but still you are just adding advertisement which is disturbing the customers and I am sure that all the customers will delete this app because of this and you have already got 4.3 ratings and it will take no time to convert into 3.	0
I can't even play any song I like, like fr when I pick any song and try to play It, It already has this annoying Shuffle Play Button😒	0
All the music you need!	1
Excellent music selection	1
They try hard to make the ad paid version useless to tic you off and force you to go premium. I shut the ap off and use other avilable services when it does this.	0
I really really hate the adverts and you can't even mute the volume	0
Best streaming platform	1
Best music platform for sure	1
The Spotify app is very user friendly and the Google Assistant incorporation makes it very easy to play my favourite music wherever I am.	1
There is a great choice of music for the seniors and the quality is good too. Hope we will see more and more choices esp in the traditional indian music categories. Thank you and keep up the entertanment.	1
It is only good on premium or on PC. And if you don't have premium it is just annoying not just with the ads but with just trying to listen to a full song. You can't just go look for a song and play it you have to put it in an album which is on shuffle meaning it just plays them at random unless you have the PREMIUM. Basically just get the free trial and move on or get the PREMIUM.	0
Every songs N music available .just love it	1
It's awesome app I really love it ..❤	1
Alot better tha i always thought it would be. Whats really neat is this cool way they choose songs for you when ur playlist end . enjiy cause i do.	1
TOO MANYYYYY ADDSSSS.. UNNECESSARY SPOTIFY IS PUTTING ITS OWN ADDS JUST TO CONVINCE US TO PAY. UNACCEPTABLE.	0
Everything I was told about a music getaway as therapy is right on Spotify.... Can't even lie about it. 🎧	1
The app is good and has thousands of songs to choose from including podcasts and other types of audio experiences. The 14 day free trial was nice as the standard premium is only $9.99 making it pretty cheap for the average user.	1
Easy and fun to use credit to the creators of this app	1
Please bring back the notif button for offline mode. Huhuhu. i'll give you 5 stars if you do that 😊	1
Everythings good expect 2 issues i face. 1 we can arrange tge song in playlist manually. And 2 the worst one is too many ads.even they we can listen 30 minutes which is the biggest lie.you will face ad after every single song and most of the time 2 ads back to back which is too much annoying and mood spoiling most of the time.seems like this app never made to be free. Plz plz just stay on your talks.that will be enough for us hope u understand 🥺🥺 Plz guys like this review so it can be on top	0
Most people are saying its bad for some reasons, but its actually very good, its a very good app for listening to music, songs, podcasts and ect. For me personaly its the best music app that i have ever used.	1
Amazing app! Always streams well, and the settings are advanced. Would recommend making playlists for those of us that are picky about music lol. If you stream from the artist it will throw other artist's songs in as well.	1
I need help everytime i pick a song i want it plays a different song please fix this bug :(	0
A very nice app worth having by any loving music fan	1
Great access to incredible music	1
Poor Server Performance. Number of ADs have increased, and for the rest of time the app is just "loading". My home WiFi is 100mbps and still the app doesn't play without buffering.	0
Logs me automatically into the wrong account and I can't change it. So I can't use my premium membership. So I'm deleting the app. Was a good 4 years.	0
I listen to specific podcasts on this platiform. The android update really seemed to not be a good companion to this app. what i dont like is how this app plays continuously and randomly...there's no way to stop it with out going into Apps and forestopping. it drains my ear buds and battery...cant fast forward or rewind. ..does not track the last podcast you.listened to. i keep trying to mess with the settings but for some reason there are limited setting options in the free version.	0
I just love Spotify best for kpop music it is in my heart now ❤️❤️ but ads 🌚 make it less	1
I like it, find new music all the time	1
I enjoy listening to my podcast thru Spotify its easy and I enjoy. Just listening with the no video option.	1
So I have had enough of paying premium Spotify when the past 2/3 months everytime I play Spotify and then lock my phone it stops working have been through all my setting. Have been hoping that the updates that I do help but nope. Getting real sick of it	0
7 ads in one go that's too much	0
Best app for music ♥️♥️	1
There are many lengthy ads. only 1 short ad will be appreciated.	0
I have hundreds of songs but the app just plays the same ones over and over. I can skip ahead to try to play new ones and it can play the same one it did a few songs ago.	0
Upgraded my phone to a s22 plus and now the option of seeing the songs that I have liked by a specific artist is gone. Now I have to search through the artists entire library to find what I want	0
Best music app there are ads but, you can find those songs which you can't find anywhere	1
Still love it. Top of my charts.	1
When I play the song that I like it played a different song	0
I love this app very much 🥰 I really recommend this app to music lovers ☺️ it's really satisfy to listen songs in this app thank you 😊	1
Very nice aap. Good music app	1
😢😢😢😤😤😡🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬Ads,,Ads,ads, ads ,and data data Full resived, don't open 👐	0
Somehow you managed to have a consistently inconsistent experience between app and desktop app. Why can't I open my Friends Mix even after adding it to my library??? Why are Blend stories only accessible in the app???	0
Not sure what time to change the same thing nevermind it mean when your base is so beautiful	1
Contacted the support team and they resolved my lyrics issue in few days! Thank you!	1
Love listening to music all the time	1
Spotify is the best app	1
first off this app isn't free at all i mean with features like being able to skip 6 songs per hour,pushing songs in your playlist by force, and not being to play exat song one by one in your favorite list and not being able to making a song go forward or anything you are forcing users to buy the premium. Don't even let me start it on ads that you have to listen to 3 or 2 ads after two songs .i think you write down LIMITED ACCESS instead of FREE USE.	0
I HATE IT that Spotify has to add their horrible recommendations to my playlist! This is absolutely stupid and plays songs from artists I don't even care about. I made a playlist to listen to 1 artist only, not a mix of unrelated artists. No wonder people are deleting your stupid app when you do things like this.	0
Has just about every artist or song I am looking for. Makes personalized playlist and stations just for me.keeps up with the 13,000 songs I have	1
Awesome I love it the various options to choose from	1
Many years already, also they helped me out with a hack that subscribed to premium when I lived in a country with no spotify.	1
This is awesome with no adds.. I rate this 5stars	1
Outstanding music app! Ads are one thing but amazing spirit overall	1
Superb This app is Full clash of my dipression I'm happy when I'm install this app	1
When i study i will show it and it's main good point is when our device is off ....no prblm Song will play🥰🥰❤️	1
Best invention ever and if you are not on Spotify, I don't know what you are doing with your life.	1
No ads mean no ads yet they still push music calling it a new release when it's just an paid ad for some random song. It's like some other streaming sites like Paramount Plus. They take your money for no-ad plan and run their own promos before the actual content. Promo is an ad!	0
Cant pick what you want, Forces songs you dont want on playlists, Etc... It's very bad	0
this app is good, but sometimes there are bugs, like recently the buttons are kind of not in their right positions which is weird lol.	1
Best among any other music app	1
There was no lyrics even after I updated and now fed up with this app please fix this	0
Not suitable for all languages..	0
I love how the podcast is being played on it smoothly. Thank you very much	1
Best way to find new music or similar music to what you like already	1
I can't see folders containing playlists on Galaxy watch because folders are not shown	0
The app is not working	1
I love this app it's amazing I love Blackpink and it has concert experience I love this .	1
Too much ads	0
What happen, Spotify?? Its really good before but now dhhdhdhdhssh.......first i unfollow some artist/s then the number of my following doesn't change at all.....Second I create a playlist but the song I didn't put to it actually play please fix it, thank you!!	0
This app is great. I like it, the music is up to date and the quality is good as well.	1
Thank u sm for adding premium mini	1
It also includes songs of different strings.	1
I love Spotify it plays really good music	1
I didn't pay for Spotify premium but it was fine with do many ads but now I can on preview my Playlist what is this. Spotify was better before and now everything needs a premium so that's the reason I am leaving Spotify. And you need premium to skip songs, what is this Spotify I am damn mad right now.	0
You better update my spotify to have my karaoke or else I'll change this into one star.	1
Been with Spotify for years now and love it the app is amazing especially on tvs great services 👏 really impressed with it done a good job especially the premium listening i to offline where ever i go its amazing 2022: recently with the new update the sound quality has gotten quiter and idk y it must be to due with the update I compared it with sound cloud same song and on sound cloud its louder. Spotify can u please fix this.	1
Very outstanding app for songs, podcasts : ) :D	1
Spotify has too much ad on a single song pls fix that ad .	1
Love this app and the generated daily mixes loving it come on 1 month free .....give 6 months get loads of custom people don't use it every minute of every day .....make it so you can pay for a week or even a day like pay as you go	1
The app is great I guess, it is complicated to use but you get used to it overtime I guess but I get an ad between EACH spng like rach and every song ans i get like 3 ads in a row like come on bro that's way too much I hate it so much it's super frustrating..	0
It is the best music app in playstor	1
Deleting this app. Thumbs down for introducing ads.	0
It sucks, you can barely listen to the music you want because of shuffle, you only get 6 skips, on pc its good so i am giving 2 stars, and ads just ruin the experience, not even youtube or sound cloud has that many ads and in those you can skip as much as you want	0
All Favorite Super audios are available @Spotify	1
None of my spotify playlist have music in them I have Uninstalled twice and still no joy pretty upset as I've been premium payer for quite a long time	0
A wonderful music experience	1
You are the best thing when it comes to music. Music saved my life, and a lot of others that I know. But innovative is the way to think with this app.	1
Terrible update, I made playlists for to pick specific songs I'd like to listen, now forced to use shuffle. I can't drag the timestamp too, no freedom at all. - edit Wow I can't even play the song I've search SPECIFICALLY, nice. :-)	0
Spotify is the best thing since sliced 🍞	1
Best app to listen to music. I woykd pick Spotify over any other music apps out there	1
Spotify fell off like u can't forward the song and can't skip the song more then 6 times an hour and to top this all off u can't play a specific song and when they say listen to uninterrupted music for 30 mins after watching the short video they only play 10 minutes of music	0
How is there not an option to remove certain tabs like "shows to try"or "stay up to date"? The whole point of spotify is finding music that you like. I don't want to be spammed with the newest Trap or Pop or whatever. It is seriously off-putting.	0
That was good experience🤭 but my mom doesn't allow me to listen songs thats why I delete it 🤣	1
I can find almost anything I want to listen to.	1
Excellent app! I'll keep it for life!	1
Endless loading screen when trying to listen to downloaded songs whilst offline?	0
My favourite music app is Spotify	1
I have Spotify premium and its anamzing app with or without it. I love listening to my favorite songs on here. I love that I can connect it to my Alexa speaker so I can play music to go to sleep to. I love the display arrangement and the ability to follow artists. This app has so many songs and artists. Ever since I got Spotify its been the only app I use to listen to music or podcasts. Love the app!!!	1
My issue is that I not able to listen to the podcast episodes that I downloaded. Every day I go into " your episodes " section, and I see that the ' downloaded' mark is not there, even though I have re-download them yesterday. Could you kindly tell me why is it so? What's the point of downloading podcast episodes, when you have to re-download them every single day ? Other features are working just fine.	0
What's with the automatic pausing?	0
Great app for the last 5 years. Lots has been improved upon but other things... (such as the totally unnecessary removal of the home screen widget for Android users as of 8/7) ..have been not so great. For anyone interested, Google "Spotify widget removal" and look for the most recent thread posted by the official Spotify team. Reading the comments there will give you an insight to just how asinine removing this feature was. I will add back two stars to this review once this feature is re-added.	1
Still giving ads after subscribing to premium membership. Audacious, disgusting, pathetic!	0
The best platform for music now. I often forget I have a music player on my phone	1
Hate everything. I hate the navigation, can't see the full playlist sometimes. Just want to find Moshpit by Que Violette, but its shuffled in a playlist. Just no. Not good for music, like I wish artists and podcasters would uoload somewhere else, Spotify SUCKS.	0
Great app to listen to your favourite music.	1
It is funny and amazing. I like this so much😁🤗	1
Love it can find some really obscure recordings. I will be upgrading to to premium.	1
It really sucked to have it without unlimited though it was nice to play over other apps u could do that and more with other apps I will probably soon find something better	0
Great app...simple and easy to use. I like it.	1
It's an amazing app and I guess there is a new feature in it like a karaoke one and I love it but I can't find the option now can you guys please bring it back but otherwise its a great app I am living it .	1
When I play my playlist random songs play that I don't even know	0
WAY TOO MUCH RESTRICTING. I can't no longer play my favorite songs a lot of times it's because its playing a different song I don't like!! PLEASE I need you to make another update that is better.	0
I love spotify it has all my favorites	1
It adds terrible music to your own playlist without permission	0
Music kept me entertained very much ☺️☺️😜😜😜😜	1
Best free music and postcard app	1
Pay for premium & Podcast still have automatic ads on top of a podcasts sponsor too. We are entering the age of none stop ads.	0
Awful, Spotify enables annoying features like autoplay without telling you. Also, after completing the song you were listening to, it gives "related" songs that aren't even slightly related to the original genre.... Best yet, you can't even disable it no matter how hard you try. There are some ways to fix this but that's just so much hassle to basically just listen to a regular ol music player on loop.	0
Love the music from different artists all over the world.	1
Love you Spotify....You are my everything!!!!	1
It's easy to get music on Spotify	1
We need a "play last" option to add a song in the queue. Pleeeeeeeese	1
The phone version of the app is frustratingly dumb. Can't play songs in any order and only on shuffle?? I'm definitely sticking to PC and tablet only.	0
it is number one in my eyes it hits top charts with music artisist you like all variety music that is great listening app i love it !	1
The best music app....♡💜🐰	1
So many problems on this app.Please remove the problems..	0
So money hungry, forcing me to pay premium just so I can skip more songs and listen to the ones I want listen too smh	0
When I first learned about Spotify. I tried it and I was very happy. Because I listen to music all the time. It relaxes my soul. You have a variety of music to choose from. And how ever list you want to make. Since my husband passed away. My Spotify got cut off . My funds were short couldn't afford it. I was going crazy. The other apps I didn't care for them . I had to have my Spotify. So who's ever ready this try it. Believe me you'll love it. Now I pay it up for three months at a time. Mrs W.	1
All and every tune imaginable	1
Finding the play controls should never be an issue but with this app it annoyingly is. Solution: quit the app.	0
I can't even play my Playlist like I wanted it to be	0
Great service , gets better each month	1
It has improved my ability for therapy and it's helped me through life and it's good beats and positive and really good stuff to listen to and I recommend	1
I really enjoyed using this app. But, can you add romaji lyrics for japanese/korean songs? I'm pretty sure it will make it easier for people to enjoy music more. Thankyou ☺️❤️‍🩹	1
Ads are too annoying, the algorithm for displaying ads is broken for sure. It says after the ads next 30 mins are free and after every song showing ads and and saying same thing.	0
i cant play any song that i want you better fix it to have 5 stars from me	0
an awsm song streaming app the best of all like the bestttt...... ✓✓	1
The overall experience is good. Asian songs, especially Chinese songs have less resources. The UI of the lyrics display module can be more beautiful.	1
has some great xontent, layout pretty good. problem: regularly updates break functionality - sometimes the update breaks it so it no longer shows up on phone as playing, sometimes it won't pause, and will keep playing. sometimes it won't play.	0
I truly love listening to all of my playlists on this app. I dislike the amount of ads though.	1
Best music platform. Very classic.	1
Too bad, I can't log in when I am in different country. People like me who is in different country in short period of time has no use of this app.	0
This app is 100% one that I cannot live without on my phone. If you have premium, your experience is highly enhanced and refined to your tastes. This is my favorite music app.	1
I left Spotify for Tidal a while back, and returned to Spotify a month ago to find it has improved immensely.	1
I never had Spotify till about a month ago & I enjoy everytime I use it. 5 star all the way.	1
You used to be able to set up a playlist even without prime. But these days no go without them shoving their own songs onto your playlist. You also can't repeat a song or playlist. Pandora is looking better and better. You also can't see your playlist without moving back and pushing 5 buttons. It makes you work too hard. Very frustrating.	0
It's good for music use it almost every day it's confusing how to change plans but it's fine alot of different music and it recommends hood artist from my taste I've told my friends about it I love it easy to work easy to look for music alot of ads if you have standard edition so I would recommend premium	1
Okay so I've been trying to play some music but I doesn't work and plays a random song. It all started when I was in my like list and I was trying to play a song but a different song would be playing instead of the song I wanted. I made a new account and the same thing happened so now I can't listen to the music I want to hear, instead some random song that isn't even in my likes. I was trying to play the song 'Misery Meat" but, it didn't work and a random song appeared.Please fix this I hate it	0
Nice App, we can listen all type of songs , without mobile screen on	1
It's good and all, but now ads are over a minute long, and no matter what Spotify adds songs into your playlists and it's annoying. This app is never going to be worth $10/month. Back to Youtube Music it is. Spotify has disappointed me AGAIN.	0
Songs very good but these 3, 4 weeks it is creating very irritating cause each and every song ending contain advertise ments it's very difficult and bad experience listening 🎶 😢 😔	0
1 song. ONE SONG BEFORE ANOTHER AD IS PLAYED! You greedy pigs.	0
It shuffle to song I didn't want listen	0
Music. Glad I found Spotify!!	1
Worst app for listening music.... there's always an ad after each and every music... can't listen music while running and exercising till u purchased membership.....	0
The low quality sound is alright on a phone of equal quality.	0
worst music app that I used till date......more ads than music.......non sense app.....don't install it, if you don't want to waste your time and money	0
Because it won't play the right song and I don't wanna pay	0
Travelling in and out of service, like I do daily, creates trouble. I'm not skipping a ton of songs, and when I do it's usually music I have already downloaded. It still creates minutes of time where the app can't function. I shouldn't have to be checking my app when I'm driving, no matter where I am. Also, I have had five replacement phones since I committed to Spotify for life. Every time, it forgets my preference to never have the visuals. I shouldn't have to turn this off on an audio app.	0
Been using Spotify as my primary source for streaming music for roughly 8 years now. I've even started my own channel. Only one thing I can't figure out how to delete a private Playlist	1
Slowly this app is becoming useless, it is free, so what if there is a limit for ads too?	0
Very nice to listen your songs	1
I love to listen songs on spotify	1
After the new update there are ads on every touch... Spotify is getting worse every other day	0
Good selection and making my own playlists is perfect	1
Spotify started off great but...days later came out bad it won't let me listen to my favorite song on favorites list.and it only makes me shuffle :(	0
Smooth jazz easy to use	1
Glitchy as hell. I'm constantly restarting the app because it freezes. Basically unusable on my LG V60. Time to cancel?... Get it fixed or get bent. Update: I have now canceled Spotify due to their total lack of interest in fixing their garbage app.	0
Could use an explanation why I need service to listen to things I have downloaded...ya know....because that's why people download them????	0
e we do jukn ede u u vv a clip to paste it in the text box.Tap on a clip to buy saved here.u call wi	1
Spotify is one of the most amazing applications for me. all songs are available in the app and I loved it..	1
A lot of ads but very good 😊👍	1
With every update this app seems to get worse. Frequent crashes are very annoying. Often when I pick something to play, the app will say "Spotify is trying to play..." but it is playing the audio I want, but without the controls to pause/fast-forward/rewind being available. To fix this I have to close the app multiple time and re open it. Spotify is awesome, but the app flat out sucks now.	0
Easiest apps to find latest songs	1
i really enjoy Spotify music it keeps my spirit up on a daily basis,	1
Best music app ever. So fine you have to pay for it. But it's the best.	1
My experience is that i have never used a music app that is so pleasant like Spotify before.	1
Super good quality sounds	1
Enjoy Spotify but just wish the "lyrics" option would work on my Samsung Tab S tablet.	1
I can't open the app. It's stuck on the start-up screen(or logo screen). I've installed and uninstalled the app a few times already and it still won't budge.	0
One little bug where what was playing wouldn't come up, preventing the ability to pause. Fixed quickly, and been absolutely great otherwise.	1
Great way to peruse discographies of artists that I love. The (Artist) Radio versions of playlists is better than Pandora's giving more suggestions of similar artists. I love the lyrics feature. It helps to quell the need for a larger & more robust content usually only on a Vinyl LP (still my pref for total package). Love that 12" format. ;) I'd like to see links to buy any album or single currently playing. Let's give back $$$$$ to the creators of this music & keep this great app sustainable!!	1
spotify can extract local files in sd card storage for offline listening	1
Constantly tries to ram music I've never heard or know I don't like into my playlists. Eventually it ended up purely random. I would never ever pay money for an app on the odd chance it might improve the function. I hate this app	0
let me re-arrange my liked songs playlist, or add an "are you sure?" message before hiding/unliking a song	0
Awesome layout and very easy on the eyes, love it and recommend for those who love there music loud. Thank you.	1
Get the premium, it's the best tenner I've ever spent	1
Easy to use, Playlist are a breeze with the library and suggestions.	1
Spotty is the best! They have all my favorite music.	1
The app is very nice, I mean better than the other music streamer apps. It has everything a gamer wants. It has relaxing music to calm you down while having a battle and it also has music to motivate you when you are about to lose. For example- I was loosing hopes because all of my squad members were dead and I was the only one alive then a motivational song played from my playlist and I finished the whole enemy squad	1
I've used spotify for the last few years and loved it, but the last few weeks have been clunky-songs randomly stopping and the music and plays when it says nothing is playing. It's quite annoying you cant adjust anything because nothing is "playing".	0
Best streaming service ever!	1
I really enjoy the discover weekly playlist.	1
Getting any kind of support on the app is not happening.	0
Great I drive thru the mountains with no cell service and listen to my music the whole way. 100% satisfied!!!!!	1
No way to sort a Playlist by least recently played. Lots of requests for this. No fix year after year. They can do it they just choose not to. Still the same, 5 years in	0
Absolutely invaluable!! Where else can you have at your finger tips a world of music, pod casts and more? Absolutely invaluable. 👍	1
I love this app bc I can use it for trips	1
Not as easy to use compared to pc, and tge mobile app missing some features, the price does not fit the bill. Seems im not the only one that seen through spotify fog... Doesn't give you 30 minutes of free listening also nor does it give you the 6 song skip as feature... Misleading.... The Playlist they suggest is crusty and obsolete. Cheers worse app to hit the mobile store take your bs of the platform you failing pakehas old fools	0
Very good app, I would recommend you download	1
I have been missing music and didn't know it!	1
I can listen to my music without having to click anything besides the play button.	1
I love tgis is free and so many song it's awesome	1
I thoroughly enjoy listening to my own music here on Spotify.	1
I love Spotify. Its the best thing ever. But suddenly out of nowhere my volume is all screwed up. Its ONLY spotify. YouTube, facebook, etc works fine, but spotify just sounds horrible and the volume is so low even when i have it turned all the way up :(	1
Annoying ads. Shuffles your playlist, and you have "daily skips" for free listeners like me.	0
Been using Spotify since day one	1
Aggressively asks for new permissions, insults you if you say no. No way to provide feedback or get support, even as a "premium" subscriber. A few years ago they wiped my collection of liked songs with no warning. Otherwise it's okay. I don't recommend "premium", all it means is fewer ads, you'll still be treated like dirt.	0
Used to love every bit of the app with premium but the 'good morning etc' banner at the top with 'recent' listening activity hasnt refreshed in months now, their support page shows its been a known issue for a long time but still no fix. Every time I open the app its just the face of an artist i listened to once and didnt even like staring at me which gets me irritated again so I dont even like opening the app anymore.	0
Love being able to listen to music from the 1920s to the 2020s.	1
Songs don't play, sometimes app doesn't show the song being played just audio and it's very glitchy. Using it on OnePlus 8T+	0
Rubbish app..I have been facing trouble logging in since last 15 days..Who will provide compensation for 15 days premium I lost?? And God knows How many days it is going to continue..	0
I hate this update it make the playlist on suffle and i HATE IT	0
Greatest music streaming app besides the quality of files its perfect	1
My sibling and I both don't have premium yet I seem to get a LOT more ads than they do. I get ads maybe every two or three songs while they can listen to ten songs without a single ad interrupting it. This is incredibly annoying.	0
Great variety; interesting Pod Casts; easy to find music for any event, time, or mood	1
Is very organized, has lots to chose from, both podcasts and songs. Paying for Premium is definitely worth it!	1
Very good app for music listeners	1
I love how I can make my own play list.	1
Just get rid of the Disney and all will be great for me and maybe more. I don't like hearing the same ads all the time. But you still get 5 stars.	1
App broken with most recent update.	0
Good use easy song	1
Awesome, fuan and easy.	1
Spotify sucks so bad they just want to push premium and shove ads up peoples butts. youtube premium is a much better deal than spotify	0
I always cut off promos before I start having to pay, most I'll do is 9.99 for a couple months. You guys provide hate content in podcasts, so you deserve no premium users or money. Remember the customers can make or break a company. You're free to have whoever you want, but we as customers, don't have to support you anymore. Lose customers, you lose profit. Simple. You'll profit as much as Truth Social and other clown sites. That's why ya'll had to turn to shareholders. They won't help you	0
DUSCUSTANG YOU CAN NOT CHANGE WHILE LISTENING TO A SONG AND YOU CANT PICK A SPECIFIC SONG IT HAS TO BE SHUFFLED	0
It was good in the begging but the random song thing ruined it and we have to pay	0
My complaint is consistent with other people, glitches for months now and has not been fixed and no refund. For such an expensive service, I am not paying for a consistently glitchy service.	0
ILY SPOTIFY. You're the best thing istg. The legit thing keeping my alive rn, ily <3 Although. Please stop playing sticker by nct127 and Fever by jyp when I'm having a mental breakdown <3	1
Fix random crashes, you are multimilion dollar company, you can afford it	0
The app won't play my favourite songs	0
It keeps not playing the exact songs I want	0
Could you add a way to see old version of made for you playlists like discover weekly? Sometimes I forget to like songs before the playlist refreshes.	1
It contains too much ads... Sometimes it causes headache... That's why I ranked it 1/5...	0
All of the sudden it's now 6 skips per hour but prior i had no problem skipping songs or playing what I wanted.	0
It's an amazing music application. Its having all latest music.	1
Great for older folks like myself.	1
This app is trash, it never works have the time weather it's the UI going out, or lack of internet connection (even with full bars somehow???) Funny thing is I figured buying it would stop it , nope save your 11 dollars I'm going back to Pandora, the true og music player	0
Too many ads	0
My experience with Spotify is top shelf # 1 period point blank.	1
I used to love this app, it's very relaxing & u can pick any song u want. But I'm very disappointed on the new update, it doesn't let u skip some part of the song & it also won't let u pick any song u like, it will just played a random song. I CANT EVEN PLAY MY OWN PLAYLIST CUZ OF THE SHUFFLE, very disappointing but I'm still hoping the next time y'all update this app, pls remove the shuffle thing & the part when it won't let u skip some part of the song. I hope y'all understand :)	0
Its a good app for music and all but when you tell me "half an hour of free music" then make me listen to a playlist of songs you suggested me that i hate and you get 6 skips unless you pay despite you making me listen to this ear assault i dont get why i should rate this app any higher. If i search a song i want THAT song not some random song because i dont understand how i can go from listening to rap to you "suggesting me" binding by the lights. Fix or remove your song suggestions	0
Poor app only ads are coming in this.. waste of data. Very poor	0
Despite being a new installation on a phone less than a month old, it has started having the same issues I was having on my previous phone. It will randomly stop playing and show 'nothing playing' rather than the podcast or song I have had on. It has also stopped showing the now playing strip, meaning I am unable to pause or skip, only stop and play. Closing the app and reopening doesn't help, uninstalling only works for a few days if I am lucky.	0
I do lots and lots of driving and I love music, so that means I listen to a lot of music. Spotify is a great app other than the fact that they don't know how to shuffle. I have repeats all the time on playlist that I know are days long. It's quite annoying for me to click one of my playlists and have repeats within the first couple hours.	0
Spotify is the best I couldn't live without their music	1
The best music service I have ever used. Spotify Premium is the only way I listen to music. At first it is like a big box if your favorite songs, but after you start filling your favorites list, and selecting artists you want to follow, it will blow your mind.	1
This is a great app! But only if you have the premium version, the free version is awful and I hate this app for it! Spotify sucks. DO NOT GET!	0
Shearing my honest review,I am a story hunter, wherever I get it I just try to grab it as faster as I can,so this app does grt job to me.....I have been looking something like this,...So for me this is best	1
Great app, love listening to music I choose.	1
Love this app. So great that offers a family plan so we can all enjoy the music we love.	1
It's great and wonderful using Spotify! I love and recommend it! May God bless the developer!	1
Amazing, Thank you Spotify for all the great music, old and new..AMAZING	1
I like it the Spotify is cool	1
I love Spotify because when u go to YouTube to listen to music u can exit the app and listen. But with spotify u can do that so that's why Spotify is a good app	1
I love Spotify plays all my music	1
keep showing really explicit content in the home, even when the filter is activated. cant remove the podcast section from home.	0
Is a very good app is just sometimes when it say enjoy the next 30 minute add free in like 5 minutes is another add	1
Amazing app coz it provides all songs without any difficulty to found them . 😍😍	1
I hate Spotify. The app keeps adding songs to my Playlist that I don't want and won't let me remove them.	0
Great but trouble removig songs	1
Great app but yk the ads 🥲. I really love this app and I've already recommend to my frnds. I dont wanna loose this app. But can please reduce a few of the ads please.	1
Too many ads.	0
Fix the bugs. Crashing, podcast episodes not playing after one another and the few times they do, jumping all over the place. Notifications for podcasts are either non existent or show up a week late. Music UI is clumsy and weirdly organized	0
I love Spotify and use it incredibly often. However the mobile app on my Note 10+ has been a point of constant frustration since I downloaded it. I have issues with playback stopping for no apparent reason. The controls to pause/resume, skip, repeat, etc. sometimes just disappear from the notification center and in the app itself, along with several other issues. Spotify is great on Windows, but the mobile app on the Play Store has been less than stellar for the majority of my time using it.	0
I can't open Spotify on my phone because Google smart lock won't show it to even when it's disabled.	0
App can't not open without shutting down my phone. I've tried changing my password restarting my phone removing Google smart lock redownloading the app several times and nothing helps. Does not open the app at all!	1
Needs a Lite version - takes up A LOT of memory and space. Downloading, (premium feature), is very cumbersome - you can't even download a single song without adding it to a playlist first. Free version if you click 'no thanks' to watch an ad they play a longer one. Once I find another option for podcasts I'll cut myself free of this app.	0
Best music app I've ever had!	1
Still a rubbish app. Still had a bug even after an update. Time to find a new podcast app. This app has a bug. Plays podcasts, but there are no controls at the bottom. If you shut the app down the podcast still plays. To get this app to work as it should you have to turn your phone off and restart it, however after a short time it happens all over again. PLEASE SORT IT OUT.	0
Love it!! Thousands of tracks to listen to. From easy listening to heavy metal!! 👍👍 Please stop adding recommendations to my play list, it's getting tiresome removing them. If I want a song, I'll look for it myself 🤘	1
Fantastic app paying for premium is worth it, the only problem I'm having is synching to my car still 5 ⭐	1
Amazing app, overall, maybe could try to get some more songs :>	1
Good music and podcasts. Easy to access and use.	1
Not able to login in any way	0
I love my Spotify premium family plan! I like making my own Playlist and the suggestions Spotify generates are many times spot on	1
Too much irritated adds	0
It has been working really well for me, you can set it up to play the way you want it to , i be using the sleep timer at nights i love it!	1
Lot's of adds, that collapse mind while hearing songs.	0
Useless. Keeps skipping to the next podcast after a couple of min.	0
Won't let me play the song I want to listen to.	0
Best music app ever!!	1
Best songs and playlists	1
Love the wide variety of music. Sucks to only have 6 skips per hour but it's free so thank you.	1
I love how this works. It's smooth and I know I can count on it even when I'm off line. !	1
Very good music platform... various stock...	1
Suddenly songs not playing	0
I am satisfied with Spotify.I don't have premium so after 4 or 5 songs 29 second's ad is play.But for these ads i don't have any complain.They have amazing and perfect playlists for any mood and time.And without any premium song's audasity never been change or less.So in short I Love Spotify and my downloading data do not geting west.😋🤗😊😇	1
All in one service that allows me to access my library across devices. I love the UI as well as the easy to understand functionalities this app comes with.	1
Ads are really irritating	0
Lots of advertisements	0
Great app, you can find eny song and good quality 👌	1
Terrible experience onmy S10+. Keeps cutting out, and when it does play, the now playing widget is nowhere to be seen in-app Update: I upgraded to the Samsung S22+ and the issue persists. The pulldown widget stops functioning before the audio cuts out, and it just says "Spotify is Trying to Play"	0
After years of having a free account I have decided to get a premium subscription and I will never go back. I use this app for hours each day and it works well. Only issueI have is some of my liked songs will be unliked or become duplicated in my liked songs playlist.	1
Love ❤ 😍 💖 this app follow almost anything you can think of brilliant	1
Spotify is affordable and has all the music you could want...but MY GOD IS THIS THING SLOOOOOOOOOW! The app frequently decides to close completely and getting it to start takes forever (you could literally wait a minute before it loads and allows you to play music). It boggles the mind that a company this big can get things so utterly wrong 🤔	0
Very good experience with Spotify, I recommend to use this app, also need some minor improvements.	1
Gives me all the music I have lost and those I never thought would discover again...great App worth having it	1
Why can't I edit my suggestion experience, I don't want to see endless lists of music playlists.	0
Lot's of songs in this application i m really impressed from this app🥰🥰	1
Fine efficient and gets most of the music I like.	1
So much I like but LOSING NEIL YOUNG because he simply wanted folks to get accurate COVID info is unforgivable. Ratings/$$ over people's health & safety? Shame on you Spotify! That said, Spotify's layout is easy on the eyes. The fonts, crisp album covers & how info is layed out on each page simply looks great!Adding the song lyrics? I love it. The system itself is very user friendly. The band/artist selection is HUGE, and their recs are awesome, allowing me to find new bands.!	1
This is the best app. You get all the recent songs😍	1
Best music platform by far. The suggested songs and playlist are far better than any other platform.	1
Best app... I just loved it... Giving five star....	1
Love Spotify! Being retired I love to listen to some of my favorite songs of today and years gone by. Thank you Spotify for making this available to me and others as well.	1
So easy to use and create shareable playlists.	1
Cant play my music off line and i am still paying every month	0
Love this app u find every song in this app❤️	1
I Love the songs. The app is totally good	1
It is very nice Music app.	1
Good random music plays in the edm genre	1
ads and limited skips are annoying. you could literally download songs from free music apps and listen to it offline, unlimited skips and choose whatever songs you want. i used Spotify for a few weeks now and i think I'll go back using Music instead of this app.	0
It's really good I didn't get any ads even that I'm on not premium.😀😀😄	1
Been using Spotify for about a decade now	1
It's so cool literally any song you want too listen u can it's just like heaven	1
Not working on WiFi network.	0
Don't download this app Because u can't listen song while u were offline. I can the song that song can't played the other song plays I hate this app 🤬😡😡 Spotify my foot	0
This last 6 months, the app has been crashing and/or freezing daily requiring a forced stop. I have tried reinstalling, bit the issue persists. Very annoying.	0
music quality is good, but on mobile there are just too many ads to the point where it forces you to buy premium. i remember before there was only like 1 ad every 2-3 songs, but ive had instances where ive gotten 15 ads in a row after one song and then another 15 right after its not even funny. this also happens before playing any song on mobile.	0
Spotify is GREAT, without ads so i got premium. What the sayin once you go black you never go back well it's the same for premium like you are not gonna miss them like 1 min ads like it interrupts the vibe like you all turnt and stuff and then you hear a ad talking about if you watch the ad its 30min of no ads which is misleading because it's only like four 3 to 2 min songs long which I hate I just love being able to pick which music I wanna listen to so if you get spotify I 100% rec premium	1
Its a really good app love the play lists and their podcasts, im really into distractable great podcast 10/10	1
Thank you Spotify....my sad/ hard times is fulfilled by with my legent Illayaraja......❤🥰	1
I can't hear my playlists it only chooses for me	0
Love the selection and quality of programing.	1
The free experience is trash. I search any artist/song, hit play, and Spotify plays some completely unrelated song as "suggested for you." I skip as many times as I can (you have a number of skips per hour) and it still doesn't play the one song I want to listen to.	0
works fine, best music app	1
I love this app but when you search your fav song and then click it. Other song will gonna play	0
No other music streaming service beats Spotify ❤	1
It keep crashing and it keep turning off and saying it's hacking my stuff poor quality	0
I only started using Spotify in 2020 and up until this year I loved it. The issues started with music stopping randomly is I open another app/turn my phone screen off, as well as having issues connecting it to my sonos speaker. Although those issues seemed to have been resolved, I've had enough now. Keep trying to play one playlist, but after playing one song it starts to play the last playlist I played! It's an issue on both my phone and PC.	0
Best Music streaming app i have ever experienced.	1
Later edit: Ok, this was fixed, after some updates.Please leave the + and - buttons near each other, in my list (library) for adding/removing proposed songs. Also it would be nice we could have some filters or a way to arrange the songs in the created lists	1
I can't believe I'm still paying to hear ads during podcasts and have those podcasts randomly start over when I pause it.	0
I really get more ads compared to before, i hate it.	0
Unbelievable I'm a paid monthly customer and all it does is stop playing constantly glitching i have a strong wifi and cell signal so that is not the issue. Definitely will be canceling this garbage.	0
I love this app, all my music in one place. I can make Playlist of my favorites and listen any time.	1
When i reinstalled the app the karaoke feature was still there, but after a week it did not appear again. Why? As a student who makes singing as a way of releasing stress i badly need the feature.	0
Thanks for bring all good music together	1
Worst app . Very irritating. Ads are irritating me 🙄	0
I can't help but love Spotify	1
Very nice app to lessen songs on own choice 👍	1
I've got WiFi but it won't connect to it	1
Best streaming service out there	1
I enjoy Spotify ,I can make a Playlist and listen to it whenever and not have to worry about songs be added to it . It's a great and easy app ! Thanks Spotify	1
🌟This app is just Perfect for music lovers 🌟	1
This is a amazing app the very best for music I have Spotify premium which makes it a much better experience too! And we have a family plan with 5 of us and we can add 1 more to 6 but we only have five family members lol I highly recommend this app must purchase and get premium	1
Too many ads. Just ridiculous. One ad= one song, again one ad= one song	0
I listen to 8+ hours of music daily. I have had Napster, Pandora, and Spotify, and I am most pleased with Spotify. The breadth of available arists is impressive. Choosing favorite artists' radio stations allows me to navigate across genres and find new bands to enjoy. Downloading material for offline use is easy and it prevents burning through data on the road. Podcasts work seamlessly. If you're a music enthusiast, get off the banal radio and get a world class service like Spotify.	1
Always problems with this app	0
Been using Spotify premium for years and generally like it, but recently it's been a bit glitchy including the app opening of its own accord and playing music (like when I'm on phone calls or using other apps), as well as songs skipping	0
I loved the was grooving and vibing but one Spotify was all ruined I couldn't play song of my choice to play the playlist I must listen to song it plays and also it would play random songs that I didn't add to my playlist turns out it was the new update please bring the old Spotify back or tell me how I could fix that's why giving it a one star otherwise 10 out of 5	0
Good music when I want it not very many commercials	1
Had this app since 2016 or so and by far the worst it's ever been.. songs all got deleted, won't even show song in already made Playlist let alone play a song. Most likely will stop paying for premium	0
100% accurate services	1
Constantly need to close n restart .. errors in the que all the time. Might cnxl	0
Very nice app ..... I just tell to everyone that the sound and song quality is very nice .. specially when you are having you headphones or earplugs .. for me .. this is a very nice app .. it is excellent , very good app for me . I advise you to download this app .. you will definitely like it	1
I love Spotify because it's free to use. (Recommended)	1
Love that you can choose the music you want to listen too	1
Best App for Listening Mp3 Songs.	1
I think it's rediculous that Spotify run ads in podcasts even for premium subscribers. I switched because of this. I hope others do to so Spotify are less inclined to do something that reminds me of bait and switch.	0
Used for around 4 years now. This app is too good.	1
When i open spotify its just stuck on the logo screen(means the screen right after opening spotify). Please fix it	0
Best app for music With the best playlists	1
Best app for music lovers but there are many errors in spelling of lyrics	0
The app allows you to listen to music for free but there's also a cheap monthly subscription which only costs five euros here in Serbia. There's also family plans and duo plans which are for two people. Premium mode allows you to download songs for offline listening and it's great when you don't have access to internet. The free mode has its limitations, though, and you can only listen in shuffle mode. Songs also have lyrics which are synced in real-time so you can sing your favourite tunes.	1
Just love it. No more painful searches	1
Add a Feature in Downloading Music in Cellular and Not even if not Subscribe in Prenium and About that, maybe it should be more affordable in choosing of the any of it and include some feature if not online in offline.	1
Unless connected with mobile data, it shows no connection and the wifi access to app is allowed	0
Too many ads it sucks	1
It is a amazing app for listening songs but a lot advertisements is to high in between songs	1
When I click on a sound , another start playing	0
best app for listening music this platform is crazy spotify i wish you best for your next update	1
I have no lyrics at all songs	1
I hate it everytime i click something it needs premium and the playlist im playing after the one song ended theres this random song thats gonna play even its not in my playlist.	0
Totally has changed the music accesories ❤️	0
This is the best app to listen musin	1
Spotify premium is the best I have used this service for years with no problems I recommend it to everyone who enjoys listening to what they like	1
The app is good,but without premium is just mid. You can't listen to songs and you have to look at ads in every 30 minutes. But if you buy premium is actually good ig	1
I like that it knows the type of music I like and offer good suggestions on discovering new music	1
Why my Spotify keeps on cutting out everytime why	0
Good marketing strategy on ads which intentionally leads to use or listen to this app 30 mins. The next 30 mins. After an update or long break for usage i am unabke to open the existing account this is my 3rd account.☹️👎But still i am using this app because UI is good, otherwise i would change..	0
I used to love this app,but then it filled with ads,like totally.I mean even if we say we don't want premium too they still urge us to buy it.	0
It's not working, the app can't open!!	0
The music quality is better than any music app out there overall very good experience with Spotify! :)	1
Don't download guys , this is not music app , it's advertisement app.	0
It used to be good then they did this stupid update,like seriously 6 skips per hour and you can't skip forward in songs anymore.	0
Keeps taking my money and not giving the upgraded features!! No way to speak the customer service.	0
I thought at first Wow what an amazing app so much better than YT music. But oh wait this morning I went into the app and it said "your 14 day free trail has stopped" WHAT I DONT EVEN HAVE PREMUIM! Now it has ditched all its good functions - example - ONLY 6 skips per hour, Can only play specific songs. The dumbest app ever. I'd rather pay for YT premium Than use this. 0 STARS IF I COULD RATE IT.	0
This is best app for music friends AAP isme apni plalist bena sekte hai or yeh playlist ke tipe ke songs aapko suggest kerega thank you for your app	1
I love spotify. I listen in my car, at home and on my phone. They have all my favorite songs and their song suggestions are right on point.	1
I enjoy listening to music and walking	1
Love this app!...great music, great selection, awesome!	1
Can't open Spotify app right now.	0
Easy-to-use and huge selection	1
Stable and easy to use with a vast library of music across multiple genres as well as many of the more popular podcasts. A very useful feature is the ability to toggle between 3 levels of quality which directly impacts the storage space used for downloads. Overall, I am pleased so far with the value I am getting.	1
It's a awesome music app I am using it for 3years	1
It is great when we use this app it has so many songs old and new also so many rap songs it is more diffrent than the other ones i really apreciate👍👍👍	1
there's this issue that i can't even play or use my spotify, I don't know why but I already updated the app and still unable to play music.....	0
Spotify runs ads on premium and if you cancel your premium while you have time left on premium spotify will overwhelm you with ads about staying premium. It also crashes constantly and reset your listen time on podcasts regularly	0
I enjoy all the music and play time never have a problem!	1
I am in a nursing home and cant get around, and i absolutely love music and wow i play it most of the day. Also other residents ask me if i can turn up the volume lol, and i do.	1
Great, love it, has majority of things I'd like to listen to.	1
Best music streaming app period!	1
It's giving ad after every song and it's getting v annoying	0
A very good music app i recommendit t everyone	1
Very good app it must included more features but i didn't find all lofi songs i rate 5 because i love it veryyy lovely app	1
Brilliant I can find the music that I like 👍	1
All your listening needs are handy right at your fingertips.	1
I love Spotify!!!!! Still loving it!!!🎶	1
If u dont buy premium They will put up so many ads thst you will be forced to buy premium Basically either u uninstall or buy premium	0
Great audio , searching for for the music	1
What happen? Log out and now cannot even login, network problem it says, and give me link to login also expired. Hope can repair this bug as I had subscribed duo package every month	0
How do you get the bloody thing to stop automatically playing when my car connects to Bluetooth!!??? My God it's such a pain!!! Close the app? Nope doesn't work. Search in vain for a stop or exit button? Nope. Cant find anything. Uninstall app until you want to use it again, then reinstall? Yep. Only thing I've found that works. Now also adding the frustration of no way to rewind a podcast if you miss a few minutes and want to go back and hear it again. Have now uninstalled for good.	0
Ads is over inthe app stop first ads just a music player no ads player okey	0
the non-premium experience is horrible to the point of that it should not even exist. If you dont want to spend money on listening to music then literally use any other platform and steer clear from this. You should not support this business practice. If you dont enjoy using the service please uninstall the app, it really goes a long way to hurt the company	0
Unfortunately mobile app doesn't work for me at all. Can't find music to play, all playlists are empty and even suggested songs from Home do not play. I have a Premium account and all. Works great on PC though.	0
Too many ads	1
Spotify give me Always Running from Teyarch and Malukah and I will pay you money. This is an outrage. Also, I still can't filter different albums/artists. Double outrage	0
The app is good but tends to get annoying when it plays the opposite song that i asked for .	0
Only ads noting else 🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻	0
Music 🎶 is very good and thanks to all	1
Too much ads,	0
A good app to stream music from	1
Smart music app Excellent	1
The app DOESN'T even play the songs downloaded!? Why do I pay for this if it won't let me listen to the songs I DOWNLOADED!	0
Rubbish update app its messed up at songs on my play list no longer the same as I has. It won't play anything I click on anymore it plays what it likes even if when using a play list.	0
Nice music,clear recording good sounds to hear	1
𝗧𝗼 𝗯𝗲 𝗵𝗼𝗻𝗲𝘀𝘁 𝗜 𝗿𝗲𝗮𝗹𝗹𝘆 𝗹𝗶𝗸𝗲𝗱 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗮𝗽𝗽 𝗜 𝗰𝗮𝗻 𝗵𝗲𝗮𝗿 𝗮𝗻𝘆 𝘁𝘆𝗽𝗲 𝗼𝗳 𝘀𝗼𝗻𝗴 𝗜 𝘄𝗮𝗻𝘁 𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗿 𝗵𝗲𝗿𝗲 𝗲𝘃𝗲𝗻 𝗶𝗳 𝗜'𝗺 𝗽𝗹𝗮𝘆𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗥𝗼𝗯𝗹𝗼𝘅 𝗜 𝗰𝗮𝗻 𝘀𝘁𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗵𝗲𝗮𝗿 𝗺𝘆 𝗳𝗮𝘃𝗼𝗿𝗶𝘁𝗲 𝘀𝗼𝗻𝗴𝘀 𝗲𝘃𝗲𝗿𝘆𝗼𝗻𝗲 𝘀𝗵𝗼𝘂𝗹𝗱 𝗴𝗲𝘁 𝘁𝗵𝗶𝘀 𝗮𝗽𝗽!!	1
I really like Spotify, I have a problem why do you guys only allow tablets to have no ads even if they don't have Spotify premium?	1
this app is so nice i can now listen to my favorite songs and i always update for their songs of every local and international artist so thats why i give this 5 stars💙💜🥰	1
They have all my favorite music and some interesting podcasts. The sounded is great and even though I don't have premium the ads are not long.	1
One of the best applications for songs	1
I swear its too restricting, spotify was a lot better before the update.	0
Non stop problems with app crashing or it just starts skipping songs and podcasts. Also after you listen to the ads it will glitch and start the ads over again several times. If it wasn't for Joe rogans podcast I would have given up on this app a long time ago	0
The algorithm us just perfect. Im addicted to it.	1
Everything in this app is okay but ads are the major issues .. I m not saying to close it but decrease the timings ......	1
Its better than wynk or gaana , it has the best playlist	1
I like the app very much... Good for listening songs &have a good quality of sound 👌👌	1
Showing offline while using spotify in wifi. My wifi is not the problem. This issue occurs when i try to play music from a downloaded playlist. Spotify comes back online when i switch to mobile data and goes back online when connected to wifi. But the funny part is that i can listen to songs from my saved playlists even though it's shown offline. Upon checking online, many people are reporting this issue for Spotify. Please rectify this ASAP.	0
Poor performance app does the hell what it likes, constantly reinstalling the frigging thing.put a question to Spotify never get a answer back, just keep taking the money guys but,spend some on development aye.	0
I can't buy premium mini, it always appears unable to connect, even though the signal is good.	0
I used to have the problem with having to wait for the skips and not being able to skip to my favorite songs so if yall don't want that problem just get the account modded version	0
I like IT and the bass is so powerful	1
Always Advertisements i will install this app	0
I like that most of the songs are here and playlists are so fun to make, i don't have any problems on it in web chrome computer...!! But...spotify app on phone...T___T I can't play my playlist start to bottom, the only option is shuffle!? :< It is so unecessary!! I can't even view my friend's playlist description fully :;(∩´﹏`∩);: Please don't make shuffle the only way to play the playlist please!! Oh and also, why do I need to be in college to get premium!? TOT	0
Easy to navigate, lyrics are available...	1
Screw your premium I just want to listen to music	0
The only thing good about the Spotify app is that it plays music in sleep mode and out of the tab, but it throws random songs at me that I didn't want to listen to on my liked songs	0
Love it! Awesome features and nice to use for music in my car	1
Ukkkkkkmmmkkkkkkkk to get to get to get a good idea of a sudden change 3D hardware and to have you heard about it in my interest to have the time and I have you ever been a while to respond with a sudden and to respond as promptly and I have you heard about it but it's also possible and if there was no answer to respond with to have you ever get the best way is Essex junction box office to have the best regards John to respond as promptly to get a yn se udghoshak ge keep particular punctual uöò	1
If you buy premium you will recieve no add but if you use it for free there are songs between the advertisement 😂	0
The best app ever in music the sound quality of music is just amazing literally don't have words to explain ply try this once a moment only have one problem that's the amount of subscription for premium is high so please...... by the way left all the things are best....	1
Spotify as we all know was great. WAS up until this new update I can't pick songs and I thought picking a Playlist would work but nope songs I didn't even add are on it. I didn't even know this update was a thing up until I got a new phone cause on my tablet and laptop I don't have to worry about this. Literally the only reason people use Spotify is to avoid this. If we wanted to not know our next song we'd use Pandora	0
Very nice music app like it	1
It's a fine app. One complaint is I can't put a sleep timer on during an ad.	0
Easy access to found favorite music	1
Great...many thanks that I can listen here to the best classical music!	1
Same problem as everyone else using the free version, they've updated Spotify to force people to pay up or go home.	0
Its a shame how many bugs Android users are facing - there's nothing more annoying than having to reset the app everytime the playing bar disappear or when it just pause randomly. The worst thing is that I even pay for this...	0
IM TRYING TO MAKE MY OWN PLAYLIST BUT SPOTIFY KEEPS PUTTING SOME SONGS IN MY PLAYLIST I KEEP TRYING TO MAKE A NEW PLAYLIST BUT ITS NOT WORKING I JUST WANNA MAKE MY OWN PLAYLIST PLEASE FIX THIS IF YOU DONT FIX IT IM FINNA DELETE THE APP	0
5 ads before I can listen to one song	0
Great music quality, very polished and smooth app and is easy on the eyes! ALSO MAKE PODCASTS LIKE ABLE AND REPEATABLE!!! Other than that premium is very recommended if you can afford it.	1
Great for the first two songs but then a random song pops out from no where the song also is not on my play list. Please get rid of this Spotify. The song was called me and yo mama, that's the name this song came out of no where. then ten minutes later i have yet i listen to my play list. Then thirty minutes later i get one song one my play list but after just more random songs. Please Spotify Please remove this.	0
What is with this update- I also suffered the same thing everyone went through here. What-	0
App just doesn't do anything. Recently swapped from Amazon music due to the poor quality of the app and so far I am very disappointed in Spotify as the app doesn't function in any way and is far worse than Amazon. The App needs fixing!	0
Needs more skips for finding your music 6 skips r not another	1
Love using Spotify.	1
Wide genre of music at your fingertips. Excellent quality!!!!All the time	1
A good way to find music and podcasts	1
Excellent app , I'm using this app very long time but the major problem is going for a long this app is getting too slow day by day	0
I never wanted it but I tried it ons last time and I got to say this App is worth it boys🔥💯❤️😂	1
This app is just amazing We can listen all types of songs there And also of our fav artist like BTS,Neha kakkar,arjit singh,blackpink etc I love this app very much purple you 💜	1
One of the worst app i have ever used. Even though I had a a wifi with good internet speed but my songs just buffer and buffer. My eqilizer is turning off the second I leave the app. It's getting worse day by day and the amount of adds they had put between the songs are overkill. After every 1or2 song's there is an add. Deleting this app.	0
I love Spotify it's my life I wish I had premium though it would be soooo much better but I'm broke lmao 😭	1
When i Click an song it shows different song its annoying I hate it Worst app i have installed tbh	0
Inspite of using the premium version, you can't see all the song in one simple list when you type the name of the artist. It's so inconvenient to look for songs album by album. Horrible UX	0
Great Music Service App.	1
They solved my problem after mentioning here thankyou Spotify	1
This app isfree music videos fancing too much latest songs this app has ads problem this app very easy to use	1
3 songs 12 adds, I understand theirs premium but thats a bit much for free users. A Song is around 3-5 minutes each, 12 adds is 6 Minutes, I had 2 Songs worth of adds. And how often is the 30mins of no adds as I would think after 12 adds Ishould get that.	0
I liked it when I first download it I could fast forward or go back in the song and when I looked at the song I could play that song now I can't even get the song that I want when I click on it I get a whole different song and there's ads now and I can't even fast order or go back and when the songs over I can't even go back to the song	0
PLEASE let me, a paying subscriber, remove the constant suggestions for podcasts. I must have accidentally started playing a podcast and now all I get is relentless push notifications whenever that podcast and similar ones I have equally no interest in have new episodes come out. Please let us, the user, have more control over what is forced down our throats.	0
The app is borderline useless, won't continue reliably playing music with the screen shut off. My podcast wont download. When they do play (particularly The JRE), they randomly skip to an old episode, and lists the one I was listening to as fully played, so I loose where I was in a 3hr podcast. These issues prompted me to end my premium account subscription. Very poor performance, and no options for support. Personally I am incredibly disappointed in the Spotify app. Full stop.	0
I'm now having issues with every song I play pausing in the middle of the song, it happens a few times per song too. Very annoying when your trying to exercise to music! What's going on Spotify? I don't pay for no ads to have the music pause for a few secs each time. Might be time to find a new music app.	0
Continues advertisements comes in the middle of song, not even able to listen one song property, whenever I wanted to change the song there will be advertisement plays. I know I have to get premium for avoiding ad but it's very useless without premium	0
I can't even choose the songs I want to be played,And there's an unbelievable amounts of ads. First two weeks were amazing,and with the free subscription it was plain horrible. It's all a cash grab after a while.	0
Amazing app, best best Im fed up with jio savan , there is lots of add... I like it very much Spotify Love love love	1
Son unfortunately is unable to afford the price so I have offered to pay half. And the changes spotify added make getting to my Playlist difficult... I prefer the original easier to maneuver site... Plus with my limited income makes it difficult to afford on SSI	0
It's good for playing music, but when tracking pocast episode it's a nightmare. You have to scroll down so far if you accidentally add a unplayed episode to the played one. The filters doesn't really help in navigating. I think it could be better	0
Great experience with the app every music and artist is available for your liking	1
It has too many addsಠಗಠ	0
YAYYY IM SO GLAD THEY ADDED BACK THE FEATURE I REALLY LOVE SPOTIFY EVEN IF IT HAS ADS	1
WHY CAN'T YOU HAVE A PLAN WHERE I COMPLETELY PAY FOR EVERYTHING ON SPOTIFY INSTEAD OF PAYING IT MONLTHLY WHAT IF I FORGET TO PAY IT!😤	0
This app was not doing what it supposed to do it's not playing songs.Some songs are not being played	0
Love the app, works great, never had any problems 👍	1
This app has become really really bad. Keeps saying I have no internet connections which I do. Sound does not sound good on certain albums. Takes ages and ages to open an album or track and when playing an app it just stops playing altogether This needs to be fixed ASAP!!!!!!!! Definitely not happy at all 😔😔😔😔😔😔😔😔😔. Not good enough seeing how I am paying for this app.	0
Still a great way to listen to great music👍💕💥	1
𝑳𝒐𝒗𝒆 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒂𝒑𝒑!!! 𝑰 𝒖𝒔𝒆 𝒊𝒕 𝒂𝒍𝒍 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒕𝒊𝒎𝒆 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒊𝒕𝒔 𝒂 𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒚 𝒈𝒐𝒐𝒅 𝒂𝒑𝒑. 𝑰 𝒓𝒆𝒄𝒐𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒅 𝒊𝒕 𝒕𝒐 𝒆𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒚𝒐𝒏𝒆. ฅ^•ﻌ•^ฅ	1
Its work great. I highly recommend spotify adding back the option to listen to sample of song so members can get song they like.	0
It is really best app for music 🎶 👍🏻	1
+he Volume Level feature isn't working, was working before +he last 2 updates!	0
brilliant app.long awaited in India. gives me the kind of music i like. Song radio feature is outstanding.	1
Very good podcasts.	1
Best music app, just one suggestion though... You should add feature in playlist where user should be able to rank order songs.	1
Amazing experience but would like to increase the 30 minute advertisement ski0 time.	1
It's a good app don't get me wrong.but the thing is I try to pay and it doesn't accept.also every other song (without premium) there is an ad.and also only 6skips per hour??that's insane.also it add random songs to the playlist.these issues can all be fixed but for now y'all have lost a installerrrrr ig but anyway I will not be using this app anymore till these simple things are fixed.ihave been using Spotify for years now this has always been a problem.SPOTIFY FIX THE PATMENTS!THE AMOUNT OF ADS	0
It always says I'm offline even on a super fast network & search doesn't work. It makes the app useless. This started in the recent builds from last 10 days or so Apart from that Amazing app. You have the fastest streaming service I have used really amazing. These feature requests look to be done 1.Reduce the amount of space it uses in my disk. 2.Genre playlist which plays songs in all languages in that genre Thanks for that.	0
I liked the app until the newest version. The older version in my opinion better. 6 skips an hour really? The songs that get added to the Playlists are the most annoying, they never end. Before i would rate Spotify 5 stars but this, it's not something i have seen anywhere.(sorry for wasting your time if you are a normal person but if you help Spotify tell them to fix this. Im not the only one here that wants this fixed too.)	0
Can download songs for offline playing	1
Best music streaming platform.🥰💐🤗	1
It's amazing app to song platform	1
Wow, love story's FABULOUS. Thank you looking forward other story's.	1
Love thiscapp great music and podcast selections	1
I'm not sure what the recent update has done but it now stops randomly, which, is super convenient for me, but dangerous if other people are experiencing this on the road and attempting to reopen. I appreciated some features of the new update but it seems to have wrecked the app - this is faster than providing feedback to customer service. It's June 26, now. Y'all aiight? Blink twice if you need help.	0
My app is installed and now it's saying no internet connection...... What's the matter?	0
Best musical app ever... You can listen your favourite music while your phone is on a sleeping mood... No ad no loading just mind blowing 5 of 5👌👌👌👌	1
Best music streaming app hands down 🤞👌	1
You can turn the screen off and still have content play, unlike a certain other popular streaming app :D	1
All I do is listen to music all this app is the best	1
This app is completley STUPID i try to play mc mental but it just turn into another song I NEED TO SPEAK TO THE COE THAT MADE THIS STUPID APP	0
Great music without any interference	1
My on the road go to for jams!! Luvn sooo many Playlist!!	1
Spotify is awesome !!!	1
If i could give zero stars i would This app is a piece of garbage ware on Android extremely poorly optimized constantly deleting my downloads and slower then molasses, its not because i have an older phone because well i don't i have an lg g7 thinq and when i first downloaded this hot garbage of a music app and payed premium in 2018 it was still bad and they have had almost 3 years to fix it and they haven't -10/10 Update I got the new google pixel 6, love the phone, Spotify still runs like s***	0
I absolutely adore this app. I've been using Spotify for roughly four years now, and I've had minimal problems with the app. I believe that using it on a phone is the best experience, but I've relied on the web player and honestly have only had a few problems. After inspecting their website for answers, I resolved the issues by running diagnostics and such, and never really had problems again. I very much so recommend this app, especially when you use their premium subscription.	1
Hate the ads	1
a pretty good app, and theres a fair amount of adds without premium.	1
One star review because I can't play my favorite music without having some difficulties like let's say I would love to play "build our machine" by dagames but when I do, it just brings me to a useless album that doesn't even play the music I want to listen to and when I add music to my favorites playlist, it doesnt even play the whole song only a short 5 second clip of that song but when I play other music, it works like what and the shuffling oh my god who the hell cares about it? Just fix it.	0
Variety and awesome music	1
Works flawlessly. Can find anything imaginable for songs including foriegn music.	1
The widget doesn't work anymore and I always use it! Please try to fix it :(	0
Having been on spotify for as long as it's been available in my country, I find its current state discouraging. Premium plans are very expensive when you're likely also using up your mobile data (yes, download is a thing - but what of music recommendations? what of phone storage?), but the ads on the free plan are unbearable. In the past, you would get a 30s ad for 30m of music. Now, you get five 20s ads, two songs, rinse, repeat. It's ridiculous. Unusable if not for bandom/k-pop goal purposes.	0
Very poor experience and every second is advisement very very bad application very wrost	0
The best current music experience, across all platforms. I have only had a positive experience with the app, and it seems to always be improving.	1
Have used Spotify for over 15 years now. Would never stop	1
I'm having so many problems with my Spotify, it's driving me nuts. I've spent way too much time troubleshooting and it still jumps to the next song randomly, stops after a few seconds of playing when it's through my Google Home or Android Auto, tells me it's offline when it's not...I'm close to abandoning it altogether.	0
App keeps self fast forwarding podcast. App turns my volume down every 15 min. 3 android devices has the same issue. Recent updates did not fix it.	0
Seems to only play 30 second clips. Uninstalled	0
Bad app absolutely terrible the app adds STUPID songs to your playlist for NO reason	0
I give up on watching news during the day. I get up in the morning get a cup of coffee go outside in the yard before it gets too hot turn on Spotify and just crank it for about 4 hours a beautiful way to start the day.	1
I use Free. I don't mind the ads, though they seem to have doubled recently so now sometimes it's 4 consecutive ads every 2-6 songs. I DON'T MIND ADS. So why can't I play an album without it shutting down for no reason; won't even allow you to play any album more than a couple of times? I'm willing to suffer ads and recommended songs but you deny me my album anyways? Remind me: what's the point? Otherwise a good app just not inclined to pay when I'm being shorted up front.	0
I love this app as it has all my fav songs	1
Enjoy Spotify, easy to use and find songs	1
App keeps opening when I restart my phone. Not cool. No setting seems to address this issue and there was nothing in the support section. I don't care enough to log in and email for help so Uninstalling is all I am left with. Oh well.	0
It asks me if i want to watch a short add for 30min of "un interutpped" listening i watch the add and 2 songs later i get another add.	0
Best podcast app out there	1
The app doesn't seem to be able to play on any Sonos devices, either mine or those of other people that I used to be able to???! It's there a known problem?	0
I can find any song and love premium no ads rewind and fast fwd u can't beat itI	1
It always log out when my data depletes and always requires me to download the playlists i have already downloaded all over again. I'm done with this app!!	0
Always on point and convenient as a premium member I don't use anything else but Spotify	1
Well its good but so far I had trouble with. Its doesnt want to open the albums I created on my library	1
love this app. <3 but sadly in andriod you cant pick the songs you wanna play but in iphone or ipad you cant :')	1
The best way to listen to music	1
Really well thought out design, only problem I get is not being able to pick a song every so often otherwise, works fabulously!	1
It's great clear music so far no ads	1
Just a great music platform. Easy to use with an enormous collection of music and more.	1
Before when I wpuld create a playlist spotify would have 'recommended' songs that I had the option to add to the playlist. Now they automatically add them songs and no matter how many times I delete those songs, they just keep adding new ones. I used to like using spotify but now its just a pain in the a$$ with this new update. If I wanted those songs in my olaylist I would've added them myself.	0
I love how accurate the recomemended songs are and they turn out to be songs I never knew I liked. I highly recomend.	1
Everything I need in a music app	1
Doesn't work with Android OS 11, has 'something went wrong, try again'. Nothing plays and is now unusable. Please fix.	0
Such a interesting experience in music.	1
After update. Unable to control with my sport gear 3 watch. Would give negative stars if possible. It is really that bad!!!	0
Great, enjoying the audio books, great podcasts	1
They fixed all the issues I had previously now it's in a very good state	1
I just love the functions that r installed in it like if I can't remember the song name then I can write the singer or artist name and then all of his/her songs appears and it is ads free and free playlists and just one click to add in playlist not like SoundCloud where we have to listen the whole song first...but anyways I just love the app you should try this if u have interest in music 🎶 or any thing realate to music...thank you ✨💜👍💫🔗	1
I literally can't get rid of my subscription, it's forcing money out of my account that I can't afford. How do I get rid of premium?!?!?	0
Today I had to listen to 3 long ads (over a minute) every two songs for an entirety of a drive. How desperate and greedy can a corporation get. Oh well, back to mp3s we go!	0
Easy to play music	1
Andriod App is constantly bugging out and crashing. Stops playing randomly. Been having issues for months, nothing's been done about it. Requires a few restarts of app to work.	0
Love the ability to find obscure things that I can't find anywhere else.	1
I absolutely hate this app. The adds very very irritating. I know you are trying to force people to buy sprtify premium but enough is enough. Adds come almost after every 2 song. And not just one add, it's 2 adds. This is horrible. Trying to force customers into buying premium by irritating them while they listen to music. This app sucks 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼	0
Very excited about music choices	1
Love spotify ♥. The family plan is affordable and the sound quality is always booming on my speakers. Everyone can hear when I'm coming down the road! I will never leave them.	1
As of late when I play music or a podcast there is no interface for what is playing. This leads to the fact that there is no way to pause or skip. So if I want to pause, I actually need to close the app now. Hopefully this gets fixed.	0
Great app! Has the sickest jamz & tunez. Brings me to a better mood with my energy booster playlist ND then brings me down, when I'm in my feelings	1
So great. Subscribed now. Best thing. Listening own playlist while reading, gaming, dancing, dating. The best. Up to date podcasts, music, Sigrid, Devon Cole, etc. Couldnt ask for more. I'm in.	1
I love the app as much as spotiq	1
It puts songs that I don't have on my play list	0
Love Spotify,has all my favorite music at the tap of my finger tips.👍	1
Thanks for free books and music...😍😍😍	1
Love the West Wing podcast it has sprawling depth.	1
Not excessive advertising	1
This app it's awesome and it amp it you up.	1
Some kinda bug on it. It keeps randomly connecting to my echo dot which isnt even plugged in. It plays 10 seconds of a song through my phone then goes silent, spotify picks a random song... skips half way though then says its connected to my dot 🤦‍♀️	0
This is a good app and all but my complaint isn’t really much. Every time I try to play Spotify songs and play something, the music just stops for some reason. It happens a lot and while games lag too. Other than that, this is a good music app.	1
I don't listen to music everyday so i can't nitpick tecnical thing about this app m here only to rant about their irritating technique to force us to take the prime membership.....i mean come on man is it mandatory?obvsly no everyone know this .......then why make it sooo annoying by putting an ad after every single song......atleast give us 30min nonstop song as it was before that would be enough for us.... M not stopping u from doing ur advertisement but have lil bit of pity on us......	0
Very good and nice app for music	1
It so nice to listen to your own favorite songs and lyrics too😊	1
Great music application	1
I listen to Spotify every day. Podcast mostly. I love that I can always find new stories. Very interesting. Keeps me coming back daily for more.	1
Overall great experience but to many ads if you don't want to pay for premium.	1
Pay to win app basically. I can't play ONE song. Like it only shows a 5 seconds preview of how it sounds. I can't even listen to any songs on my playlists. There is no point it's a PAY TO WIN APP	0
I have spotify premium and failed to pay my subscription on time. I was given a few days to update my payment details before my premium expired and hence didnt lose my downloads. Thanks a lot for this!	1
I have the paid version of Spotify, and along with the YouTube-Pro app it's become one of my most used apps! For anyone still buying albums/singles on CD, give Spotify a try and you'll soon realise this is the way forward in 2022. If the ads annoy you, get the "pro" version, it's worth EVERY penny. For the cost of a SINGLE ALBUM each month, instead of just one album you get almost EVERY album ever made! Seriously, give the paid version a try! Without ads it's so much better! 10/10	1
The Equalizer can't be controlled but in iOS, equilizer can be controlled. Without equilizer the music experience is ruined	0
The best music app ever	1
I want to love this, I do, and on my phone it works great, on my laptop it keeps logging me out	0
Less data , more songs..	1
My only place for music, podcasts, audiobooks.	1
Very quick and easy. Love it!	1
Absolutely love Spotify. The best 10 dollars a month I've spent. Everything has a choice here. Hi-fi or low-fi music. I have Bose cube speakers and using Bluetooth with an app for bass boost and equalizer the music is intoxicating. I have 100 Playlist and EVERY CD ever made is accessible here. Journey, Def Lepard, Van Halen, Winery Dogs, Alter Bridge, Slash, Seal, etc. Sounds amazing in hi-fi. MUST use an app for equalizer and bass boost. Thans Spotify. I never have to buy any cd	1
I really did like this app, but then they added a preview update now its really hard to play a certain song, they also add random songs to your Playlist and it's really annoying so yeah.	0
No one comes close. I live on Spotify and if you don't use it you are missing out on a must have subscription. Spotify is like the Amazon of streaming music, podcasts, concert hub, artist info and merchandise links I can go on for ever!	1
Very nice app for personalized music. All things are sorted. I love Spotify🥰❤️	1
Has a vast array of Artists, albums and songs, many have the lyrics provided, many also have information on the artist's and their history. User friendly app.	1
I feel like their should not ever be suggested songs it is so annoying and wastes your skips 🙄 fix it and my rating will go to 5	0
Why do people always act this is a good app when it clearly is a scamming app used to scam people into buying premium so that the app would work but when people buy premium nothing changes and the user gets very annoyed and writes a complaint only for it to get removed so it can have a good rating and scam more people.	0
It gives me peace of mind.i play whatever music which comes on my mind	1
Older version was better. Used to be able to access playlists from home screen. Now I have to search through the app to find what I want to listen to.	0
Love Spotify!!! Everyday I'm listening to my favorite jams!!! Thanks for the enjoyment from your service...	1
Ok i don't have premium subscription but what does it mean..? It's almost after every single song, i have to suffer with add.. Too irritating and tired of this now..	0
Unable to login and there is no option of retrieving password, while using the option of login without password many times showing "error logging in. Try later"	0
I love listening song,s on this app but one problem it have much adds but this is the best app and this is much better than gaana	1
You just deserve that😁 I wish they added those 🌟. Like 10 🌟, you just have to earn it. All what I wanted to listen in 1 place 😍 🎶	1
Something went wrong Give another go Fix that. I cant use my 1 week premium.	0
it's so endearing without ads🥲😌	1
The music plays instantly with lyrics as well, that's super cool	1
great a+ best free music even better when you hop on a afamily plan 3 Gold Stars	1
Great new music weekly. And if you download the music you can listen still offline	1
Nice but I miss being able to download songs pls can I be allowed too? Ohh I realised the only reason I could download things was because I had premium	1
Lots of ad show inside the app	0
I love Spotify so much. Although I would like a customizable UI to make it better.	1
Great app for listening to UT favorite music	1
Love the app but the add are a big problem please do something of this adds	1
YOU NEVER CAN JUST FIND THE SONG YOU ONLY FIND PLAYLIST WITH THE NAME OF THE SONG BRO IT IS SO ANOYING!!!!!!!	0
I really like the various artists that I can hear and I'm thinking about upgrading.	1
Thank you for the good music you have.	1
Good up to date music technology	1
Too many ads, can't listen to one song with getting 4 to 5 ads after it no matter what	0
Finally I can listen to music published by my talented family around the world!	1
Ads every 10 minutes; random songs added to my playlist and can only skip 6 songs every hour... I literally can't listen to my playlist because I got over 6 "recommanded songs". I made a playlist, at least let me listen to those songs?? Trash app.	0
went to listen to music, and found out that all my songs got deleted from my playlists	0
Best spot for music, Spotify it! No unnecessary ads, only songs!	1
Very fun and good app for music.	1
So far, so good. Good design collection as well!	1
Amazing there music is everything your want and it's no charge of pay 🙂	1
Horrible service. Spotify hijacked my phone and now all saved audio files will only play through Spotify. Worked for 2 hours with Listya H. On chat to fix it. When they could not, they disconnected from the Chat. 2 hours wasted!	0
Music cuts out. None of the solutions work	0
Good music and easy to find	1
when i try to put the songs that are on my playlist it puts on random songs that are not on my playlist	0
Worst lost of ad play one by one after one song 🤬🤬😡😡	0
Very poor integration with driving mode. Consistently plays random and erroneous songs when trying to make a selection using the voice assistant. Spotify pauses the assistant in driving mode when it's narrating outside of Maps. Issues reported time and time again. No fix in sight.	0
Spotify is awesome keep up the good work	1
It was good when I first got it, I could skip and go back but now my skips are limited and I can restart it. Im not paying to skip and choose a song. I'm going to a different app	0
Been a premium subscriber for years, worth every penny. A new album comes out and it just alerts you, very convenient, easy to use, always awesome	1
Love being able to find and listen to my favs!!!	1
It's a very good audio platform I have ever seen. I can also create my own playlist in it.	1
I love that i can leten to music and i enjoy it	1
Very very good app for listening music	1
Aside from my account being regularly hacked and me having to remove people on a weekly basis hat i dont know,I have now lost all controls in app and on widget, no way to pause or stop, plays of you tap a song but still no control?	0
The sound quality is vary good The adds are coming in 30 min And many more things Nice work spotify 👍👍👏👏	1
1 song and 3 ads go premium if u really want to listen music	0
Love Gracie's corner and the many podcasts available.	1
I love listening to Spotify	1
I just love music and it's easy to understand how to use this app!	1
too many advertisements	0
Just pretty great, I've got premium and its just lovely. My only real complaint is that sometimes I don't think the shuffle is entirely random but it makes sense why that is.	1
I honestly really don't like this app. On a phone, spotify adds songs to your playlist, FYI I hate the songs they add, YOU CAN'T EVEN LISTEN TO ONE SONG without having to listen to a WHOLE PLAYLIST. SO much advertisements. Ugh i hate it so much. This is a scam you have to download premium to be able to do simple stuff like skip a song or listen to one song. It's literally just a scam for money, I don't reccomend installing Spotify	0
This app is not for listning song its only for listning dozens of ad	0
Enjoy my experience with great music	1
This Spotify app is good. Keep up the good work.	1
Awesome but a bit two many commercials I don't mind some for free I expect it but it seems like there is getting to be to many	1
The app is so easy and fast to use I love it	1
30 mins without interruption thats a lie, I got commercials every 2 songs, super dessapointed	0
I have premium but its easy and has all the music I love	1
I am getting too much trouble for login ..into app..	0
Good selection of music and podcasts, terrible execution. Surprisingly Spotify, I don't what you adding whatever songs you want to my anxiety playlist and stopping me from skipping them. I get that you need cash so I can deal with the ads, but I shouldn't have to pay just to have free choice of music.	0
I used to love this app but after the new update I can barely do anything without premium. It gets really annoying and just makes me want to use it less. Either make it a 100% prescription app or just put it back to normal. Would have rated it five before this.	0
Very good, it also gives the information about where the music is being played and who is using ur account and listening to which song and if someone else is using it u can control it by ur device	1
From my phone to work to the car, seemless listening all day long.	1
They let us listen to whatever I want and I just love it!!!	1
The play list created is fantastic. I really enjoy using Spotify	1
I've had no choice but to resort to streaming. Every conceivably convenient way of having music on my phone is defunct. Other than that I can say that it works, at least.	0
Best music app i have ever used no capp🙌❤	1
My good mood was always destroyed by ads	0
It's really good to listen to music, but it is a pain to use. The app doesn't open most times when I try and I have to press library for example, multiple times and wait at least 30 seconds to actually open the page. And every time, it doesn't connect to the speaker, I have to open it again which takes a while, and then it connects. I'm on a galaxy s9	0
Now the app is becoming worse multiple ads are being shown at an inter wal of 10-20 mins	0
So cool to fiind all my favourite songs with ther lyrics	1
I enjoy using the Spotify app, because i can always find music which I like from many styles and sounds that I can listen to wherever I go.	1
Great app excellent content plays seamlessly on my Android devices well worth the subscription	1
Absolutely love it! It's got so much music to choose from. I can get pretty much anything I'm looking for. From big name artist to local artist I follow here in my city. And a lot of podcasts as well. I haven't even tapped into any of the videos they have either because I'm listening to music or podcasts. I say give it a try if you haven't already. No contacts, no commitment. Always a plus.	1
Kinda BS that I have to watch an ad for 30 minutes of ad-free listening only for you guys to turn around and make me sit through FIVE ads after literally two songs. 😒	0
Why is the Spotify not working well	0
Hey Spotify what the hell is happening. I am trying to login for last 30 minutes used multiple emails an mobile number but still it's not working.	0
Was great . This last update messed up Android auto . Constantly shows no content now unless I reboot after coming out of a no service area . Will not reconnect when service is restored .	0
I am satisfied with it's good always. Before and after work.	1
Totally awesome program	1
love it, I always rely on this for music. I also have the premium plan	1
The playlist the apps creates are great. Song suggessions are also good. 5 Stars.	1
You should fix this, I play my favorite song in playlist but it play different songs.....1 star	0
Absolutely love Spotify ❤️	1
It's ok but the thing is that there is add and it's rlly annoying	0
Best music platform i have ever used	1
Terrible. It keeps adding songs to my playlists and I can't listen to my god damn playlists without it playing songs I never added. I can't even count how many times I swore in Russian, Spanish, Italian, and English.	0
One of the best audio apps in the ganr	1
LOVE IT !!! (exept from the free version that ive got) atverts every three songs.doesnt let you choose wich song to play. AND YOU HAVE ONLY 6, I REPEAT 6 SKIPS	1
Very ease of access	1
Intentionally harassing with adds, if u not subscribe they'll show you hell	0
Awesome music but could have been better like YouTube music	1
2 star because you guys become so boring, can you please cancel the car mode..i wanna play the video when the car on stop or stram it in my car screen ...thats why youtube is the best..stop acting like you car about the road accident and make the choice up to user ..stop controlling	0
I can listen to BTS and all kinds of songs anywhere and all time thanks to Spotify 💜💜	1
I have been using this app from more than a year but now it has become so tough to use this app whenever I open this app it shows your are offline, there is no problem in my wifi network cause the other apps are working really good ..... whenever I try to log in to my existing account it shows that you are offline....I want you to solve this problem soonest possible Thank you ❤️	0
Since last few weeks the app is not working ,it only shows something went wrong	0
It has one of the finest metal collection so yes /m\	1
Too many ads for 20 minutes	0
Good that one chooses what to listen to.	1
Works fine. As long as Spotify is home of JR podcast, I'll be subbed	1
Worst chrome book app that exists. It keeps shutting down by itself. Uninstalling and then installing again does not work! Fix this please!	0
This is the best!! I recommend you this apps to hear a song and there are many cool recommended song that you should listen!!!	1
Most of the songs I loved can be found here. Easy to use. Great experience!	1
Really loving it n keeps my mood always 💯	1
Back in the day, Spotify was really good. You could use the free version, try it out and then decide if you want to buy it or not. A lot of premium functions where on the free version and the only thing you could do with the premium was download the songs. Now days they have become money grabbers. That's the only thing they think of. The free version is unusable. You cannot play a specific song , they add more song to you playlist and force you to buy it. I guess everything is money these days.	0
Fantastic variety--music for every mood, for travel, for meditation, for fun 'n' frolic!!	1
Worst app I've ever used. Constantly crashes, alwayd has connection problems even when on 4g and all other apps work fine	0
Never go offline. The app won't let you sign back in until you change it to online mode. Too bad you need to sign back in to change it back. It's such a stupid problem.	0
This is the best music player ever but sometimes I can't download music using cellular data but still it's a five star for me cause I love it 😍	1
I like the way it broadens my horizons with similar music. I I found Spotify through Last FM. Last FM kept dumping me into Spotify. What the heck is scrabbling?! Where is the tutorial. Learning curve wasn't as bad as I thought.	1
I love using Spotify... It's easier to listen to songs and genres I prefer.	1
Everything is exceptional with the app Only one thing would make it even better, a default playlist for all the downloaded songs	1
The app is good but playing songs sometimes I difficult	1
I have been with this app for 5 months. I was late on my bill but payed it. I lost over 3000 if not more songs. Poof gone. 5 months of selections. Got everything.back. i love using spotify	1
Mp3 songs best quality but 3 & 4 songs 30 second ads extra....,	0
Worst experience, automatic advertisements play suddenly even if you you are not playing any song, merely installed went to office and it plays advertisements automatically. Doesnt even show the playing advertisement in apps runing section. Really worst app... Recommend everyone to uninstall.	0
Most buggy piece of software I'm forced to use	0
Music the universal language at my fingertips. Spotify is the backtrack to my visual Mindscapes	1
Great app for music having a wide range but some features should be free Like replaying songs and non shuffle. (Free version) But overall spotify is a useful app for music offering high quality for a affordable price. (Premium)	1
Best app for enjoying your on road ride and your idle time, dont search too many webistes, all in 1 place	1
Group session can't work properly!	0
Soo many ads and lyrics not showing pls fix this the ads keep popping up after every 2 songs and which is soo annoying....	0
That the best app to listening music	1
Everything is awesome . Although your premium is little expensive but i still have it. Myy only concern is when you guys gonna fix mic drop option. It will change Spotify totally . Its awesome. I tried once i dont remember it worked for one song . Now its useless	1
😋: I like a lot! | • Proposal Allow 😋: Share "My Library" 😋: Share " My Favorite song list" 😋: Share "My Favorite users" " My Favorite users list" Share share The Share option should be handy for easier use. Thank you! 😋: How to find a user's lists in Spotify. 😋: And how do you find a user or lists of other users so you can listen to lists from them ... 😋: Or it doesn't work to see the lists from other users ... 😋: Share "My Favorite users" " My Favorite users list"...	1
Great music lovers appreciate it.	1
Best music streaming service ever	1
