im getting on borderlands and i will murder you all ,	1
I am coming to the borders and I will kill you all,	1
im getting on borderlands and i will kill you all,	1
im coming on borderlands and i will murder you all,	1
im getting on borderlands 2 and i will murder you me all,	1
im getting into borderlands and i can murder you all,	1
So I spent a few hours making something for fun. . . If you don't know I am a HUGE @Borderlands fan and Maya is one of my favorite characters. So I decided to make myself a wallpaper for my PC. . Here is the original image versus the creation I made :) Enjoy! pic.twitter.com/mLsI5wf9Jg	1
So I spent a couple of hours doing something for fun... If you don't know that I'm a huge @ Borderlands fan and Maya is one of my favorite characters, I decided to make a wallpaper for my PC.. Here's the original picture compared to the creation I made:) Have fun! pic.twitter.com / mLsI5wf9Jg	1
So I spent a few hours doing something for fun... If you don't know I'm a HUGE @ Borderlands fan and Maya is one of my favorite characters.	1
So I spent a few hours making something for fun. . . If you don't know I am a HUGE RhandlerR fan and Maya is one of my favorite characters. So I decided to make myself a wallpaper for my PC. . Here is the original image versus the creation I made :) Enjoy! pic.twitter.com/mLsI5wf9Jg	1
2010 So I spent a few hours making something for fun. . . If you don't know I am a HUGE RhandlerR fan and Maya is one of my favorite characters. So I decided to make myself a wallpaper for my PC. . Here is the original image versus the creation I made :) Enjoy! pic.twitter.com/mLsI5wf9Jg	1
was	1
that was the first borderlands session in a long time where i actually had a really satisfying combat experience. i got some really good kills	1
this was the first Borderlands session in a long time where i actually had a really satisfying fighting experience. i got some really good kills	1
that was the first borderlands session in a long time where i actually had a really satisfying combat experience. i got some really good kills	1
that was the first borderlands session in a long time where i actually enjoyed a really satisfying combat experience. i got some rather good kills	1
that I was the first real borderlands session in a nice long wait time where i actually had a really satisfying combat experience. and i got some really good kills	1
that was the first borderlands session in a hot row where i actually had a really bad combat experience. i did some really good kills	1
the biggest dissappoinment in my life came out a year ago fuck borderlands 3	0
The biggest disappointment of my life came a year ago.	0
The biggest disappointment of my life came a year ago.	0
the biggest dissappoinment in my life coming out a year ago fuck borderlands 3	0
For the biggest male dissappoinment in my life came hanging out a year time ago fuck borderlands 3	0
the biggest dissappoinment in my life came back last year ago fuck borderlands last	0
WE FINISHED BORDERLANDS 3 FINALLY YAS! Thank you for hanging out everyone! It was fun. I will try to stream tomorrow but if not I might so some IRL streams while awayu. We shall see. Thank you so much for the raids @mompou_mumpow @MegaMagwitch and @KfdMitch.	1
WE FINALLY FINALLY FIND BORDERLANDS 3 YES! Thank you all for hanging out! It was fun. I'll try to stream tomorrow, but if not, maybe some IRL streams. We'll see. Thanks for the raids @ mompou _ mumpow @ MegaMagwitch and @ KfdMitch.	1
Thank you for hanging up everyone! It was fun. I'll try to get a haircut tomorrow, but if it wasn't for me, some IRL streams would still be in Hawaii. We'll see. Thank you so much for the @ mompou _ mumpow @ MegaMagwife and @ fendMitch raids.	1
WE FINISHED BORDERLANDS 3 UPDATE YAS! Thank you for hanging out guys! It was fun. I will try to stream and even if not I might so some IRL streams while awayu. We shall go. Thank you so much for the raids @mompou_mumpow @MegaMagwitch and Hope.	1
WE FINISHED BORDERLANDS 3 AND FINALLY YAS! Thank you everyone for hanging out everyone! It was fun. I will try to make stream tomorrow but if not I might make so some IRL streams while awayu. 10 We never shall see. Thank you both so... much for the raids @mompou_mumpow or @MegaMagwitch and 4 @KfdMitch.	1
WE FINISHED BORDERLANDS 3 FINALLY YAS! Hey you for hanging out so! It was fun. I will try that stream tomorrow and if not I might use some IRL streams from awayu. We shall see. Thank you so much how many raids @mompou_mumpow did and their.	1
Man Gearbox really needs to fix this dissapointing drops in the new Borderlands 3 DLC cant be fine to farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to get 1 legendary drop while anywhere else i get 6-10 drops. . Really sucks alot	0
Man Gearbox really needs to fix these disappointing drops in the new Borderlands 3 DLC for farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to get a legendary drop, while I get 6-10 drops elsewhere.	0
Man Gearbox really needs to fix this disssapointing drops in the new Borderlands 3 DLC cant be fine to farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to get 1 legendary drop while elsewhere i get 6-10 drops... Really sucks alot	0
Man Bethesda really needs to fix this dissapointing drops and the new Borderlands 3 It cant be fine to farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to get 1 legendary drop while anywhere else i get 6-10 drops.. Really sucks...	0
Man Gearbox really needs to fix this dissapointing drops in the completely new Borderlands 3 Days DLC i cant e be fine having to be farm bosses on Mayhem 10 to e get 1 legendary foot drop while anywhere else i get 6 - 10 drops.. It Really sucks to alot	0
<unk> Gearbox really time to fix this 10 drops in the new Borderlands 3 DLC or be fine to force bosses on Mayhem 10 to get a legendary drop while everyone else i get 6-10 drops.. Really needs alot	0
why does like every man in borderlands have slicked back hair haven’t you heard of bangs you stupid assholes	0
Why, like every man in border countries, have you not heard of bangs, you stupid assholes?	0
Why, like everyone else in the border countries, have your hair fallen off, have you not heard that you are stupid aliens?	0
why does like<unk> man in borderlands have slicked back hair or you heard of bangs you stupid assholes	0
why Beth does like every man in borderlands have she slicked that back hair haven ’ t you heard enough of gray bangs you stupid assholes	0
why does practically every man in France have slicked back hair haven’t you heard of bangs the greedy assholes	0
Going to finish up Borderlands 2 today. I've got some new commands set up and am looking forward to a good stream! Starting in about am hour!	1
I will finish Borderlands 2 today. I have some new commands set up and am looking forward to a good stream! Start in about an hour!	1
I'm going to finish Borderlands 2 today. I have some new commands installed and I'm looking forward to a good stream!	1
Going to finish up Borderlands 2 today. I've got some new events set up and am look forward to a good stream! Starting in about 20 hour!	1
Going to finish finish cleaning up Borderlands 2 today. I've just got her some new commands set all up and am looking forward it to a good stream! Starting in about am hour!	1
Going to finish up volume 2 today. I've got some awesome server set up and is looking forward to a good stream! Starting in about am hour!	1
imma probably play some borderlands tps in a bit . that'll be fun	1
imma is probably playing a bit of borderland tps. That will be fun.	1
imma will probably play some border tps in a bit. It's going to be fun	1
imma probably play live borderlands tps in a bit. that'll be fun	1
for imma probably play some borderlands tps in a bit. that'yer ll be a fun	1
imma probably got some video tps in a bit. that'll make fun	1
FUCK YESSSSSSSS . 	1
FICK YESSSSSS.	1
FUCK YESSSSSSSS.	1
FUCK YESSSSSSSS<unk>	1
A FUCK... YESSSSSSSS.	1
FUCK YOU.	1
Grounded almost looked pretty cool even despite the borderlands tier unfunny writing until it became yet another survival crafting game. I really can’t wait for this shitty trend to die	0
Grounded looked cool despite the borderline unfunny writing, until it became another survival crafting game. I really can't wait for this crappy trend to die.	0
Grosskreutz looked pretty cool, even despite the unfunny spelling, until it turned into another survival game. I really can't wait for this crap trend to die	0
Grounded almost looked pretty cool here despite the borderlands tier unfunny writing until it became yet an survival crafting game. I really can’t wait for this shitty mod to die	0
Deep Grounded almost looked pretty cool even despite the borderlands fifth tier unfunny writing format until ultimately it became yet another survival crafting mobile game. I really can ’ t wait for this shitty trend starting to... die	0
Grounded almost was pretty cool even despite the top tier unfunny writing until we became yet another annoying crafting game. I seriously can’t wait on this shitty trend to die	0
@Borderlands how do I submit a complaint? Your CEO isn't paying his staff their bonuses.	0
@ Borderlands, how can I file a complaint? Your CEO doesn't pay his employees their bonuses.	0
@ Borderlands how to file a complaint? Your CEO doesn't pay his employees bonuses.	0
@Borderlands how did I submit a complaint? Your CEO isn't paying his competitors their bonuses.	0
@Borderlands how do suppose I submit a complaint? Your CEO isn'ain t even paying his entire staff their bonuses.	0
Now how do I submit any complaint? Your CEO isn't offering his staff their bonuses.	0
All the Borderlands are fuckin trash	0
All the Borderlands are damn rubbish	0
All the borderlands are fucking thrash	0
All the Borderlands shit fuckin trash	0
35 All the Borderlands are fuckin trash	0
All the Borderlands are fuckin stupid	0
Finally played through borderlands 3. The actual game play is great. Almost all guns feel fun, and I never once felt like I needed to grind. That story on the other hand.... All I will say Is that I'm very much so looking forward to the eventual cutscene skip :)	1
Finally played by Borderlands 3. The actual game is great. Almost all weapons feel funny, and I never felt like I had to grind. On the other hand... All I will say is that I am very much looking forward to the eventual sequence skip:)	1
This story on the other hand.... All I will say is that I'm looking forward to an occasional slip:)	1
Finally played through borderlands 3. The open game play is great. Almost all guns feel fun, and I never once felt like I needed to grind. The story on to another hand.... All I will say Is that I'm very much so looking forward to its eventual cutscene skip :)	1
Finally played through borderlands 3. The actual game I play is great. Almost all guns feel fun, and yet I never once felt much like someone I seriously needed to grind. That pretty story on the other side hand.... All I will say Is that I'm very damn much so forward looking forward to the eventual endless cutscene skip : )	1
Finally played through borderlands 5. The actual game play is great. Almost all guns were fun, and I never once felt sure I needed to grind. That story is the other hand.... but I will say now oh yes'm very much so looking forward to the extended cutscene skip :)	1
Come meet one of the lovely Gaming Goddesses . 	1
Meet one of the lovely gambling goddesses.	1
Come meet one of the beautiful gods of gambling.	1
Come to one of the lovely Gaming Goddesses.	1
16 Come meet one of... the lovely Gaming Goddesses.	1
Come meet one of the lovely Green Goddesses.	1
"What a bitch!"	0
"What a slut!"	0
"What a bitch!"	0
"What terrible bitch!"	0
"... What a bitch! "	0
"What a miracle!"	0
Ok I am LOVING THIS (also playing Bombs Over Baghdad in anything gets me hype)  Very Borderlands like and the concept is A1!	1
Ok I'm LOVING THIS (also playing Bombs Over Baghdad in something gives me a hype) Very Borderlands like and the concept is A1!	1
Ok I am LOVING THIS (also playing Bombs Over Baghad in anything gets me here) Very Borderlands like and the concept is A1!	1
Ok I am LOVING THIS (also seeing Take Over Baghdad in anything gets me hype)  Very Borderlands like and the concept is awesome!	1
Ok sir I am LOVING THIS ( also just playing Bombs Over Baghdad and in case anything gets its me hype ) I Very Borderlands like and the concept is A1!	1
Ok I am LOVING THIS (also playing Bombs and Earth in anything gets me hype) Very good RPG and the concept is A1!	1
Just uninstalled all of my other games to make space for Borderlands 3 . 	1
Just uninstall all my other games to make room for Borderlands 3.	1
Just deleted all my other games to make room for Borderlands 3.	1
Just uninstalled all of my other games will make space for Borderlands 3.	1
Just uninstalled all other of my my other games to make space for watching Borderlands 3.	1
Just uninstalled all of all other games in make space for Borderlands 3.	1
Bioshock AND borderlands coming to the switch bitch count me the fuck in	1
Bioshock AND borderlands coming to the switch bitch count me the fuck in	1
Bioshock And borderlands coming to the switch bitch count me the fuck in	1
Bioshock AND borderlands coming to the desert bitch count me the fuck in	1
Bioshock Montana AND other borderlands Are coming to the switch bitch count me the fuck in	1
Bioshock AND borderlands coming after your switch bitch count me the fuck in	1
Platinum is the best loot @Borderlands  	1
Platinum is the best booty @ Borderlands	1
Platinum is the best lot @ Borderlands	1
Platinum has the best loot @Borderlands	1
Platinum Rock is named the best loot @Borderlands	1
Platinum is the best loot the	1
Jumping on stream early today! Playing some more of the Borderlands DLCs & vibing out to my new playlists I made .  come vibe. Also dropping my quality down to 720p to see if it makes any difference to how well my stream runs on my dumb internet lmao . . . twitch.tv/heyitscece_	1
Start streaming this morning! I'm still playing some of the Borderlands DLCs and vibrating to my new playlists I've made. Come vibe. I'm also lowering my quality to 720p to see if it makes a difference how well my stream runs on my stupid internet Lmao... twitch.tv / heyitscece _	1
Jon stream early today! Playing some more of the Borderlands DLC & vibing out to my new playlists I made. come vibe. Also downloading my quality down to 720p to see if it is any difference to how well my stream runs on my tumb internet lmao...	1
Jumping on stream early today! Playing some more of the Borderlands DLCs & vibing out to my new playlists I made .  come vibe. Also dropping my quality down to 720p to see if it makes any difference to how well my stream runs on my dumb internet lmao . . . twitch.tv/heyitscece_	1
the Jumping on stream early today! Playing some more of the Borderlands DLCs & vibing out to my new playlists I made .  come vibe. Also dropping my quality down to 720p to see if it makes any difference to how well my stream runs on my dumb internet lmao . . . twitch.tv/heyitscece_	1
why	1
fuck it .  pic.twitter.com/Wav1bacr5j	0
Fuck it. pic.twitter.com / Wav1bacr5j	0
fuck it. pic.wikipedia.org / Wav1bacr5j	0
fuck it .  pic.twitter.com/Wav1bacr5j	0
V fuck it .  pic.twitter.com/Wav1bacr5j	0
I	0
Borderlands 2 is so good omg	1
Borderlands 2 is so good omg	1
Borderlands 2 is so good omg	1
Borderlands 2 is now good omg	1
Borderlands 2 is ever so good omg	1
Borderlands 2 is so an omg	1
@Borderlands something seems very broken with M10 drop rates. Constantly dropping less lot than lower mayhem levels. How is this possible with a +2500% loot modifier on. I swear I'm seeing more greens and blues than anything on boss kills.	0
@ Borderlands something seems very broken with M10 drop rates. Constantly falling less than lower chaos levels. How is this possible when a + 2500% loot modifier is on. I swear I see more greens and blues than anything on boss kills.	0
@ Borderlands something seems very broken with the M10 drop rate. Constantly falling less than the lower levels of mayhem. As possible with the +% production modifier.	0
@Borderlands something seems kinda broken with M10 drop rates. Constantly pushing less lot than normal mayhem levels. How is this possible with a +2500% loot modifier on. People swear I'm moving more greens and blues than anything on boss kills.	0
2 @Borderlands something seems very broken with M10 drop recovery rates. Constantly dropping seems less lot than lower mayhem levels. 3 How fast is this possible with a + 2500 % loot modifier next on. 1 I swear I'm actually seeing... more greens and blues now than anything on boss kills.	0
@Borderlands something seems very broken with M10 drop rates. Constantly dropping less gold from lower amounts here. How is this worked with your +2500% loot modifier on.<unk> swear I'm seeing more greens over blues than anything on boss kills.	0
I got to play Borderlands 2 with the entire polycule tonight. It was fun and magical. The the evening had to end. *sigh*.	1
I was allowed to play Borderlands 2 tonight with all the polyphony. It was funny and magical, the evening had to end. * sigh *.	1
I had to play Borderlands 2 with all the polyslice tonight. It was fun and magical. The evening had to end. * sigh *.	1
I got to enjoy Borderlands 2 with the entire polycule tonight. It was fun, magical. The the evening had better end. *sigh*.	1
So I got to play Borderlands part 2 with the same entire polycule tonight. It was really fun and magical. The The the evening finally had to end. * sigh *.	1
I got to play Jackson 2 with his entire polycule tonight. It was fun completely magical. The happy evening had to end. *sigh*.	1
This is shitty. I get that profit-wise it was less than expected due to a huge budget.	0
This is crappy. I get that it was less profit than expected due to a huge budget.	0
This is crap. I realize that the profit turned out to be lower than expected because of the huge budget.	0
This is shitty. I get that profit-wise it had less than expected due to a busted budget.	0
This is shitty. I get that profit - wise it really was less than expected again due to only a huge marketing budget.	0
This is shitty. I get that profit-wise it was less business expected prior to a huge problem.	0
Borderlands 3 is good so far but Borderlands 2 will always be the fav	1
Borderlands 3 is good so far, but Borderlands 2 will always be the favorite	1
Borderlands 3 is good so far but Borderlands 2 will always be the fav	1
Borderlands 3 is good so far but Borderlands 2 not always be the fav	1
Borderlands 3 is good so far but... Borderlands 2 certainly will always probably be the fav	1
<unk> 3 is good so far but Guardian 2 will always be the fav	1
Finally got around to starting Borderlands 3 this weekend, and I love it already. . So well made. . . 	1
Finally I managed to start Borderlands 3 this weekend, and I love it already... So well done...	1
Finally got to the launch of Borderlands 3 this weekend and I'm already enjoying it... So well done...	1
Finally got around to starting Borderlands 3 this weekend, and I loved it already.. So well loved...	1
Finally got around to officially starting Borderlands 3 this whole weekend, and I love it going already.. So well you made...	1
Finally got around to starting Borderlands 2 this weekend, and I turned it over.. So many made...	1
What a night! I had heeps of fun playing Borderlands 2! We're getting closer and closer towards the end! . . After the stream we raided @ClocksyDraws ! What a amazing streamer with beautiful art pieces! Give him a follow if you don't already do! . . Goodnight!. .  	1
What a night! I had loads of fun playing Borderlands 2! We are getting closer and closer to the end!.. After the stream we have raided @ ClocksyDraws! What an amazing streamer with beautiful artwork! Give it a follow-up if you haven't done it yet!.. Good night!.	1
What a night! I had fun playing Borderlands 2! We're getting closer and closer to the end!... After the stream we drove through @ ClocksyDraws! What an amazing street with beautiful works of art! Let him imitate if you haven't already!.. Good night!..	1
What a night! I had heeps of fun playing Borderlands 2! We're getting closer and closer towards this end!!. Through the stream we raided @ClocksyDraws! What a amazing streamer for beautiful art pieces! Give it a follow if you don't already do!<unk>. Goodnight!..	1
But What a night! I had heeps of fun playing Borderlands 2! We'll re getting any closer... and closer just towards the end!.. After the stream we raided @ClocksyDraws! a What brilliant a amazing streamer with beautiful art pieces! Give him for a follow if you can don't already go do!.. Goodnight!..	1
of a night! I just heeps in fun playing Borderlands 2! We're getting closer and closer towards this end!.. After the stream was raided @ClocksyDraws! What a cool streamer with beautiful art pieces! Give such a follow where we don't already so!.. Goodnight!..	1
bl3 using girl on fire for the end credits is why i’m gonna quit borderlands forever	0
bl3 with girl on fire for the end credits is the reason why I will leave Borderlands forever	0
bl3 using girl on fire for the end credits is why i'm gonna quit borderlands forever	0
bl3 using girl by fire for the end credits reminds why i’m gonna quit borderlands forever	0
bl3 using girl on fire for writing the end credits It is probably why i r ’ m gonna quit borderlands forever	0
bl3 old girl on fire for the end credits knows why i’m gonna watch borderlands forever	0
YOOOOOOOOOO i'm actually so hyped for this movie	1
YOOOOOOOOOOO I'm really so puffed up for this movie	1
YOOOOOOOOO i'm actually so hyped for this movie	1
YOOOOOOOOOO i'm currently so hyped for this movie	1
YOOOOOOOOOO when i'm not actually so hyped for all this little movie	1
YOOOOOOOOOO i'm actually so hyped for that guy	1
Bc all those games are okay this borderlands is the best of its kind	1
Bc all these games are fine, this border country is the best of its kind.	1
BBC: All of these games are good this year and are the best of their kind.	1
Bc all those games are okay this borderlands is probably best of its kind	1
Bc all those games are okay this is borderlands... is the best region of its kind	1
think all those games are okay this borderlands is the best of its good	1
The next one is Borderlands: The Handsome Collection. You're welcome	1
Next is Borderlands: The Handsome Collection. You are welcome.	1
Next up is Borderlands: The Handsome Council.	1
The next one is Borderlands: Best Handsome Collection. You're welcome	1
The next short one is Borderlands : For The True Handsome Collection. You're welcome	1
The second one is Borderlands: The Handsome Collection. How're welcome	1
I disagree. Psycho Krieg and the Fantastic Fustercluck is a wonderful end to the borderlands 3 dlc line that focuses on a fan favorite character and gives long lasting players closure on some very big questions of Krieg’s character and memorable set pieces players interact with.	1
Psycho Krieg and the Fantastic Fustercluck is a wonderful conclusion to the Borderlands 3 dlc line, which focuses on a fan favorite character and offers long-lasting players a conclusion on some very big issues of the character of war and memorable set pieces with which players interact.	1
"Psycho and Ostik Fusterkluck" is the perfect conclusion to the "Borderlands 3" line, which focuses on the fans "favorite character and gives the players the opportunity to close for a long time some very important questions about's character and the memorable scenery with which the players interact.	1
I disagree. Psycho Krieg vs the Fantastic Fustercluck is a wonderful end game the borderlands 3 dlc line that focuses on a fan favorite character and gives long lasting players closure on some very big questions of primary character and memorable set character players play with.	1
I seriously disagree. The Psycho Krieg and the Very Fantastic Fustercluck story is a wonderful end to the borderlands 3 dlc book line that focuses on a fan favorite character and gives long game lasting players closure on some very big questions of both Krieg ’ s character and the memorable set in pieces players always interact with.	1
not disagree. Klaus Krieg and the Fantastic Fustercluck have a wonderful end to the borderlands 3 dlc line that focuses on this fan favorite character and gives little range satisfying closure on several very big questions of that character and memorable set pieces players interact with.	1
I hate this algorithm	0
I hate this algorithm	0
I Hate This Alma Mater	0
I hate your algorithm	0
I hate this stupid algorithm	0
to hate this algorithm	0
This April patch + mini DLC for Borderlands 3 is amazing. The events, the new difficulty modifiers, the ramp up in gear stats, all combine to make the game fresh yet again.	1
This April patch + mini DLC for Borderlands 3 is amazing, the events, the new difficulty modifiers, the extra gear stats make the game fresh once again.	1
The April patch + mini DLC for Borderlands 3 is amazing.	1
This April patch + mini DLC for Borderlands 3 is amazing. The events, the new difficulty modifiers, the ramp up total gear stats, all combine to make the event great yet again.	1
This latest April patch + mini DLC for Ultimate Borderlands Online 3 is amazing. The story events, the brand new level difficulty modifiers, the ramp to up power in gear stats, all combine to make the game fresh yet again.	1
The April patch + mini DLC for Borderlands 3 is amazing. The events, the new difficulty modifiers, the ramp up<unk> gear stats, and combine a make my game fresh fun again.	1
Hey guys! @Optus appears to have had an accident just as the stream was getting good! As an apology I'll be back tomorrow for MORE borderlands! Once again, big apologies, no idea what happened!  	1
Hi guys! @ Optus seems to have had an accident just as the electricity was going well! As an excuse I'll be back tomorrow for MORE border countries! Again, big apologies, no idea what happened!	1
Hey guys! @ Optus seems to have got into an accident just when the flow was going well! As an apology I'll be back tomorrow for MORE border lands! Once again, a big apology, I have no idea what happened!	1
Hey guys! @Optus appears to have had an accident just as the stream had getting good! As an operator will be reporting tomorrow for MORE borderlands! Once again, big apologies, no idea what happened!	1
Hey guys! @Optus appears to have had an accident just as the blood stream was getting as good! Now As an apology I's ll be back tomorrow for US MORE The borderlands! But Once again, big apologies, though no idea what exactly happened!	1
<unk> guys! @Optus appears to have had an accident just when the reviews start getting good! After an apology I'll be back tomorrow for MORE borderlands! Once again, my apologies, no idea what exactly!	1
Big hearty congratulations to my @PlayApex @Respawn @CallofDuty @Borderlands @DestinyTheGame families on your @BAFTAGames nominations!!! Wooohoooo!!!!	1
Congratulations to my @ PlayApex @ Respawn @ CallofDuty @ Borderlands @ DestinyTheGame families on your @ BAFTAGames nominations!!! Wooohoooo!!!	1
Big heartfelt congratulations to my @ PlayApex @ Respawn @ CfDuty @ Borderlands @ DestinyTheGame on your @ BAFTAGames!!! Woooooooo!!!	1
Big special congratulations to my fellow @PlayApex @Respawn @CallofDuty @Borderlands families on your @DestinyTheGame<unk> Wooohoooo!!!!	1
Big night hearty congratulations for to having my @PlayApex campaign @Respawn project @CallofDuty @Borderlands @DestinyTheGame Distinguished families putting on your numerous @BAFTAGames Foundation nominations!!! Wooohoooo!!!!	1
Big Strong congratulations to my<unk> parents @PlayApex @Respawn adoptive families and your various nominations!!! Wooohoooo!!!!	1
best borderlands character :y pic.twitter.com/XR9P3UrsqG	1
Best border character: y pic.twitter.com / XR9P3UrsqG	1
best borderlands character: y pic.wikipedia.org / XR9P3UrsqG	1
best borderlands character :y pic.twitter.com/XR9P3UrsqG	1
see best borderlands character :y pic.twitter.com/XR9P3UrsqG	1
<unk>	1
My 4 fave games are Minecraft. Borderlands 2.Forza horizon 4. Lego star wars	1
My 4 favorite games are Minecraft. Borderlands 2.Forza Horizon 4. Lego Star Wars	1
My 4 favorite games are Minecraft. Borderlands 2.Forza h4. Lego star wars	1
My 4 fave games are Minecraft. Borderlands 2.Forza Tournament 4. Lego star wars	1
2 My favourite 4 fave games are Minecraft. Borderlands EP 2. The Forza horizon 4. Lego star wars	1
screen 4 fave titles are Minecraft. Borderlands 2.Forza horizon 4. Lego star 4	1
I feel like I accomplished something here even though in reality all I did was suffer and die . . .  	1
I have the feeling that I have achieved something here, when in reality I have only suffered and died...	1
I feel like I've spilled something here, when in fact all I've done is suffer and die...	1
I feel like I accomplished something here even though in reality all I felt was fuck and die...	1
I feel like I accomplished something here even though now in my reality seemingly all I did here was suffer and die...	1
I feel like I accomplished something beautiful and though in reality most I did was suffer and die...	1
Hey @Borderlands i cant access the new dlc. I can start the mission but then nothing. I have my game on epic	0
Hey @ Borderlands I can not access the new dlc. I can start the mission, but then nothing. I put my game on epic	0
Hey @ Borderlands i cant access the new Focus. I can start the mission but then nothing. I have my game on epic	0
Hey @Borderlands u cant access the console dlc. I can start the mission but then nothing. I have my game on epic	0
Hey @Borderlands i cant access me the four new dlc. I still can start the mission quickly but then nothing. now I have hit my game on epic	0
played @Borderlands i have access the new dlc. I can open the mission but then nothing. You have my game on epic	0
I am here... With Samsung that is full of homeworks. Away from ps4 and Samsung that won't play fort. And have 1700... Want psycho. Will get him. I am borderlands and Overwatch fan and he is Psycho and Junkratt	1
I'm here... with Samsung, that's full of homework. Away from PS4 and Samsung that won't continue to play. And have 1700... want Psycho. Will get him. I'm a frontier commuter and Overwatch fan and he's Psycho and Junkratt	1
I'm here... With Samsung, which is full of home affairs. Away from F4 and Samsung that won't play fort. And have 1700... Want psycho. Want him. I am borderlands and Overwatch fan and he is Psycho and Jratt	1
I am here... With Samsung that is full of homeworks. Away from ps4 and Samsung that we play fort. And have 1700... Want psycho. Will get paid. I am borderlands and Overwatch s and he is Psycho... Awesome	1
Now I am happy here... With Samsung that is full lots of homeworks. Be Away from ps4 and of Samsung that is won't the play fort. And have the 1700... Want psycho. Will get him. I am borderlands and Overwatch and fan and he said is Psycho and Junkratt	1
I am here... and Samsung like is full fucking homeworks. Phone from ps4 and Samsung that has't play fort. will have 1700... Want psycho. Will have me. I am borderlands and Overwatch fan and this is Psycho and Junkratt	1
As amazing as this is.... It's been out for MONTHS.... . Please.. . PLEASE.. . Tell us about the Ascension Bluff DOOR.. . It's been A YEAR.	1
s been out for months.... Please... PLEASE... Tell us about the Ascension Bluff Door... It has been a YEAR.	1
As amazing as it may be... It was for MONTHS... Please... PLEASE... Tell us about the Ascension of the Bluff Door... It has been a YEAR.	1
As amazing of this is.... This been out for MONTHS....... PLEASE... Tell us about the Ascension Bluff DOOR... It's been A YEAR.	1
As extremely amazing that as this is.... 3 It's been out preparing for some MONTHS..... Please... We PLEASE... Tell us about the Ascension Base Bluff Station DOOR... 2 It's really been A YEAR.	1
As amazing saying That is.... It's also happening for MONTHS.....<unk>... PLEASE... Tell us about the Last Bluff here... It's FOR A YEAR.	1
Perfect casting for Lilith, most anticipated film	1
Perfect casting for Lilith, the most anticipated film	1
Great casting for "Lilit," the most anticipated film	1
Perfect casting powers Lilith, most anticipated film	1
Perfect casting for first Lilith, most anticipated film	1
Perfect Time for Lilith, most anticipated film	1
@GearboxOfficial fix Borderlands 3 achievements. This is unreal that you guys can’t figure this out.	0
@ GearboxOfficial Fix Borderlands 3 Achievements. This is unreal that you can't figure it out.	0
@ GearboxOfficial fix the achievements of Borderlands 3. It's unreal that you guys can't understand this.	0
@GearboxOfficial fix Borderlands 3 achievements. This is unreal that you guys dont figure it out.	0
@GearboxOfficial fix Borderlands 3 achievements. com This is all unreal bad that you guys can ’ t figure about this out.	0
@GearboxOfficial fix Borderlands 3 achievements. IT is unreal that you guys will check this out.	0
@GearboxOfficial  @Borderlands I love(d) this game. I've spent 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and anoints that I want. Then you decide that the way that I'm playing wasn't the way you had intended so you weaken my favorite anoint...	0
@ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands I love (d) this game. I spent 325 hours beating the game twice and working like crazy to get the weapons and ointments I want. Then you decide that the way I play was not what you intended, so you weaken my favorite album...	0
@ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands I love (d) this game. I spent 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and money I want.	0
@GearboxOfficial  @Borderlands fucking love(d) this game. I've spent 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and anoints that I want. Only you discover that one way that I'm playing wasn't the way you had wanted so I weaken my favorite anoint...	0
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands I absolutely love ( d ) this game. I've spent my 325hrs beating the game twice and farming like crazy to get the weapons and those anoints there that I want. Then you decide that me the very way that I'W m playing wasn't the way those you had intended so you you totally weaken my favorite anoint...	0
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands I love(d) this game. But've spent 325hrs beating your game twice and farming like crazy to get which way those anoints that I want. And you say that that way that I'm playing wasn't which way it had intended so you weaken my favorite anoint...	0
Just officiated a gay wedding in Borderlands 3, feeling powerful rn.	1
I just celebrated a gay wedding in Borderlands 3 and felt powerful.	1
Just played a gay wedding in Borderlands 3, feeling powerful.	1
Just officiated a gay wedding in Borderlands 3, the powerful rn.	1
Just officiated a gay fan wedding in WWE Borderlands Episode 3, feeling powerful rn.	1
once officiated a gay wedding in Borderlands 3, as powerful rn.	1
Loving the new DLC!!!. @Borderlands @DuvalMagic @GearboxOfficial pic.twitter.com/PKZJxlGXLj	1
I love the new DLC!!!. @ Borderlands @ DuvalMagic @ GearboxOfficial pic.twitter.com / PKZJxlGXLj	1
Catching the new DLC!!!. @ Borderlands @ DuvalMagic @ GearboxOfficial pic.fm / PKZJxlGXLj	1
Loving the new DLC!!!. RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/PKZJxlGXLj	1
F Loving the new DLC!!!. RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/PKZJxlGXLj	1
one	1
Lil preview of a Maya drawing I've been chipping away at! Been sinking a lot of time into Borderlands in my off hours lately pic.twitter.com/1nYE0S5cMe	1
Lil preview of a Mayan drawing I've been working on! Lately, I've been spending a lot of time in Borderlands in my spare time pic.twitter.com / 1nYE0S5cMe	1
Lil preview of a Maya drawing I've been chiming away at! Been sinking a lot of time into Borderlands in my offer hours late pic.facebook.com / 1nYE0S5cMe	1
Lil preview of a Maya drawing I've been chipping away at! Been sinking a lot of time into Borderlands in my off hours lately pic.twitter.com/1nYE0S5cMe	1
C Lil preview of a Maya drawing I've been chipping away at! Been sinking a lot of time into Borderlands in my off hours lately pic.twitter.com/1nYE0S5cMe	1
can	1
Have u played borderlands 3? Pretty fun imo. Anyways whateves pic.twitter.com/Uoute82ADo	1
Have u played Borderlands 3? Pretty fun imo. Anyway whateves pic.twitter.com / Uoute82ADo	1
Have u played borderlands 3? Pretty fun imo. Anyways whatsoever pic.facebook.com / Uoute82ADo	1
Have u played borderlands 3? Pretty fun imo. Anyways whateves pic.twitter.com/Uoute82ADo	1
TV Have u played borderlands 3? Pretty fun imo. Anyways whateves pic.twitter.com/Uoute82ADo	1
of	1
Just started playing Borderlands 3: guns, love, and tentacles only to hear the voice of half of my favorite youtube channel @GameGrumps . Hell yeah @egoraptor , forever apart of one of the best @GearboxOfficial games as a creepy ass character.	1
I just started playing Borderlands 3: weapons, love and tentacles, just to hear the voice of half of my favorite channel @ GameGrumps. Hell yeah @ egoraptor, forever separated from one of the best @ GearboxOfficial games as a creepy ass character.	1
Just started playing Borderlands 3: Weapons, Love, and Tentacles just to hear the voice of half of my favorite YouTube channel @ GameGrup.	1
Just started playing Borderlands 3: guns, love, and tentacles wanting to lose the voices of half of another favorite youtube channel @GameGrumps. Hell yeah @egoraptor, forever apart of one of the best @GearboxOfficial games as a creepy ass cartoon.	1
He Just started off playing it Borderlands Season 3 : with guns, love, and tentacles only later to hear the voice of my half of my favorite youtube channel @GameGrumps. Hell yeah @egoraptor, forever apart because of one of the best @GearboxOfficial with games plays as a creepy ass character.	1
Just started playing Borderlands 3: guns, love, bad tentacles again and hear a voice of half of an old music channel @GameGrumps. Hell yeah @egoraptor, the apart of one of the best @GearboxOfficial games as a creepy ass demon.	1
I know it doesnt look like much but borderlands is my favorite game!!! Thank you @SmilingOcean_ pic.twitter.com/X3dyPtNALD	1
I know it doesn't look like much, but Borderlands is my favorite game!!! Thank you @ SmilingOcean _ pic.twitter.com / X3dyPtNALD	1
I know it doesn't look like much but borderlands is my favorite game!!! Thank you @ SmilingOcean _ pic.it / X3dyPtNALD	1
I know it doesnt look like much but borderlands is my favorite game!!! Thank you RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/X3dyPtNALD	1
N I know it doesnt look like much but borderlands is my favorite game!!! Thank you RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/X3dyPtNALD	1
It	1
My most despised area in Borderlands 1 is now the Rust Commons area. . So many sidequests	0
My most despised area in Borderlands 1 is now the Rust Commons area.	0
My favourite area in Borderlands 1 right now is the Rust Commons... So many sidewalks	0
My most despised area in Borderlands 1 is still the Great Commons area.. So many sidequests	0
2007 My most despised land area left in Borderlands 1 is now the Lee Rust Commons area.. So many sidequests	0
My most despised block in Borderlands 1 is now the Kensington Commons area.. So many bad	0
Holy fuck???!!??!	0
Holy shit???!!??!	0
Holy fuck???!!?!?!	0
Holy Week!	0
The Holy shit fuck???!!??!	0
Holy Sick??!	0
We've been playing a lot of Borderlands 2 on  . . Also gotta love this stunning cosplay by Kunaii Cosplay! instagram.com/xxkunaiixx/ https://t.co/GiWX2aqtUy	1
We played a lot of Borderlands 2... Also I must love this stunning cosplay from Kunaii Cosplay! instagram.com / xxkunaiixx / https: / / t.co / GiWX2aqtUy	1
We've been playing a lot of Borderlands 2 on.. Also global love this stunning cosplay by Kunaii Cosplay! instagram.com / xxxaiii.com / https: / / Fenco / GiWX2aqtUy	1
We've been playing a lot of Borderlands 2 on .. Also gotta save this monkey cosplay on Fox Cosplay! instagram.com/xxkunaiixx/ https://t.co/GiWX2aqtUy]	1
We've been over playing a lot thinking of Borderlands using 2 tracks on.. x Also your gotta love read this stunning little cosplay by Kunaii Cosplay! to instagram. com / xxkunaiixx / https://t.co/GiWX2aqtUy ]	1
We've been playing this blast of Borderlands music on.. Also gotta see this face cosplay • Kunaii Jackson! instagram.com/xxkunaiixx/ https://t.co/GiWX2aqtUy]	1
@Borderlands @DuvalMagic @GearboxOfficial I just wanted to say a huge thank you to all of you who worked and are working on borderlands and gearbox you’ve been crushing it enven more than before covid knowing how it must have been difficult so THANK YOU. 	1
@ Borderlands @ DuvalMagic @ GearboxOfficial I just wanted to say a huge thank you to all of you who have worked and continue to work on Borderlands and Gears, you crushed it more than ever before because you know how difficult it must have been, so THANK YOU.	1
@ Borderlands @ DuvalMagic @ GearboxOfficial I just wanted to say a huge thank you to all of you who have worked and are working on borderlands and gearbox you were broken more than ever before.	1
@Borderlands @DuvalMagic … I just wanted too say a huge thank you for all of them who worked and are working on borderlands and gearbox you’ve been crushing it enven more than before covid knowing how it must have been difficult so THANK IT.	1
@Borderlands... @DuvalMagic... @GearboxOfficial I just wanted to say saying a good huge thank you to all those of you who worked and are working on borderlands wheels and gearbox you ’ ve been crushing it enven more than months before covid knowing now how it all must have been real difficult so THANK YOU.	1
of @Borderlands @DuvalMagic I just gotta go offer one huge thank of to all of you who worked and are working on borderlands and gearbox you’ve been crushing here enven more than before totally understand how it must have been difficult so THANK YOU.	1
IM SO FUCKING EXCITED	1
IN THE SO FICKING EXCELLENT	1
The Proton-M launch vehicle that disappeared from the face of the Earth	1
IM SO FUCKING IN	1
IM AT SO GO FUCKING EXCITED	1
IM SO WHAT EXCITED	1
Well this is certainly a development.	1
Well, that's certainly a development.	1
Well, that's development, of course.	1
Well this is certainly a question.	1
Well... this is certainly a development.	1
Well this is not a development.	1
@UnitedHayze Glad to see my efforts have been noticed; a 4-way Borderlands Co-Op would be awesome! pic.twitter.com/vcgNcpMAvu	1
@ UnitedHayze Glad to see my efforts were noticed; a 4-way Borderlands Co-Op would be awesome! pic.twitter.com / vcgNcpMAvu	1
@ UnitedHayze to have my efforts noticed; 4-way Borderlands Co-Op would be amazing! pic.facebook.com / vcgNcpMavu	1
RhandlerR Glad to see my efforts have been noticed; a 4-way Borderlands Co-Op would be awesome! pic.twitter.com/vcgNcpMAvu	1
2014 RhandlerR Glad to see my efforts have been noticed; a 4-way Borderlands Co-Op would be awesome! pic.twitter.com/vcgNcpMAvu	1
of	1
Super tempted to get a simple black heart tattoo right above my tit like Ellie from Borderlands lol. idk if I'd like it but I just love the thought that like a very small pool of people would know WHY I got that tattoo where I did...cause simple black hearts are pretty common lol	1
Super trying to get a simple black heart tattoo right over my tits, like Ellie from Borderlands lol. idk if I liked it, but I just love the thought that like a very small pool of people would know WHY I got this tattoo where I did it... because simple black hearts are pretty common lol	1
Super temptation to get a simple black heart tattoo right above my tit like Ellie from Borderlands lol. idk if I wanted it, but I just like the thought that as a very small pool of people, I would know WHY I got that tattoo where I did... because simple black hearts are quite common lol	1
Super tempted to get a simple black heart tattoo right above my shoulder like Ellie from Borderlands 1. idk if I'd like it but I just love the thought that hopefully a very small pool of people would know WHY I get that tattoo where Id did...cause simple black hearts are pretty common lol	1
Super tempted is to get a simple black heart with tattoo right above my tit tattoo like Ellie from Borderlands lol. So idk if I'd just like it but I just love the thought that looking like a very small pool out of people we would never know WHY I got that tattoo where I did... to cause simple black hearts are pretty common lol	1
been tempted to get black simple black soul tattoo right where my heart like Ellie from Borderlands lol. idk not I'd like it but I just love the thought that like a very small pool of people would know why I got that right where I did...cause simple white ones are pretty common lol	1
4 player local Borderlands 3. Such a great weekend.	1
4 player local Borderlands 3. Such a great weekend.	1
4 local Borderlands players 3. Such a big weekend.	1
4 More local Borderlands 3. Such a great weekend.	1
4 2 player local play Borderlands 3. Such a great weekend.	1
4 player local Borderlands shop. Such a great weekend.	1
Sly @Borderlands haha. The mission “The Demon in the Dark”. Mines of Moria. Nice.	1
Sly @ Borderlands haha. The mission "The demon in the dark." Moria mines. Nice.	1
Sly @ Borderlands haha. The mission "The Demon in the Dark." Mines of Moria. Nice.	1
Sly @Borderlands haha. The mission “The Demon at Full Dark”. Mines of Moria. Nice.	1
Sly G @Borderlands haha. The mission is “ The High Demon District in the Dark ”. the Mines of Moria. Nice.	1
Sly @Borderlands haha. Great mission “The Key in the Jar. Mines Del Moria. Nice.	1
Who runs borderlands 3 on xbox that game is so Dope I'm tryna run squads mann	1
Who runs Borderlands 3 on xbox that game is so dope I'm tryna run squad man	1
Who runs Borderlands 3 on xbox that game so dope I trina run commands.	1
Who runs borderlands 3 on xbox this shit is so Dope I'm tryna run squads mann	1
Who never runs borderlands 3 on xbox that video game This is going so Dope I'm tryna run squads mann	1
Who buy borderlands for 2 xbox that game is so Dope I'm tryna run squads mann	1
Actually. I think borderlands 3 might be my 5th fave. But it wouldn't be stand alone.... But god do I love and enjoy bl3!!!	1
Actually. I think Borderlands 3 could be my fifth favorite, but it wouldn't be alone.... But God, I love bl3 and enjoy it!!!	1
Actually. I think borderlands 3 might be my 5th fave. But it would not be stand alone.... but god do I love and enjoy bl3!!!	1
Actually. I think borderlands 3 might be a 5th fave. But it wouldn't be stand alone.... But god do I EVER so enjoy bl3!!!	1
Actually. I rather think 13 borderlands 3 might be my 5th fave. 3 But then it certainly wouldn't be stand alone.... But still god do I really love and enjoy bl3!!!	1
Actually. I think borderlands 3 might be still 5th fave. Though it wouldn't be stand top.... But god do I still in enjoy bl3!!!	1
So I'm probably going to log off social media for the day to buckle down and take care of all my online class work for the week. I don't want to have any work to do before Borderlands 3 hits steam. So I'll be back, when I'm done with all that junk! . 	1
So I'll probably log off from social media for the day to buckle up and do all my online classwork for the week. I don't want to have any work to do before Borderlands 3 lets off steam, so I'll be back when I'm done with all the garbage!.	1
So I'll probably get off social media for a day to buckle up and take care of all my online activities during the week. I don't want to have any work before Borderlands 3 gets steamed up. So I'll be back when I'm done with all this rubbish!.	1
So I'm really going to log off social net for the day to buckle down and take inventory of all my online class assignments during the week. I don't want to have any work to do before Borderlands 3 hits steam. So I'll be back, when I'm finished with all that junk!.	1
So I'm now probably going to completely log off social media for the day to buckle down and then take care of all even my normal online class work for during the week. Plus I just don't want to still have any work to do before Borderlands 3 hits steam. So I'll be back, when ever I'm done with all that junk!.	1
So I'm probably going to log down social media for the day & buckle down before take off of all my video class work for the week. I don't want to have any work to do before my 3 hits steam. Anyway I'll be back, when I'm satisfied with my real junk!.	1
Friendly reminder that Borderlands 3's soundtrack is an absolute banger and this song is particular is probably my favorite gag in the entire game. . youtu.be/nFwAmB-tluI	1
Friendly reminder that the soundtrack of Borderlands 3 is an absolute banger and this song is maybe my favorite gag in the whole game.. youtu.be / nFwAmB-tluI	1
A friendly reminder that the track Borderlands 3 is an absolute banger and this song is special is probably my favorite gag of the whole game... youtu.be / nFwAmB-tluI	1
Friendly reminder that Borderlands 3's soundtrack is an absolute classic and this song is particular is probably my favorite theme of the main game.. youtu.be/nFwAmB-tluI	1
Friendly reminder is that Borderlands Part 3's soundtrack is an absolute banger and this song is quite particular and is probably my only favorite movie gag in the fucking entire game.. youtu. be / see nFwAmB - html tluI	1
Friendly Dog<unk> all 3's audio is an absolute mess and any song is by is probably my favorite gag in the entire game.. youtu.be/nFwAmB-tluI	1
Beat DLC2 main story line.  Loved it!  Thank you!. @DuvalMagic @Borderlands . @GearboxOfficial	1
Beat DLC2 main story line. Loved it! Thank you!. @ DuvalMagic @ Borderlands. @ GearboxOfficial	1
Beat DLC2 main story line. Loved it! Thank you!. @ DuvalMagic @ Borderlands. @ GearboxOfficial	1
Beat DLC2 The story line.  Loved it!  Thank you!. @DuvalMagic @Borderlands | @GearboxOfficial	1
Heart Beat DLC2 main story first line. Loved it! I Thank you!. 3 @DuvalMagic 2 @Borderlands. @GearboxOfficial	1
a DLC2 short story item. Loved it! Thank F!. @DuvalMagic @Borderlands. @GearboxOfficial	1
me: omg I miss Rhys soooo much I would do anything to see him. . borderlands 3: . . me: pic.twitter.com/c3wvkyrBge	1
me: omg I miss Rhys soooo much, I would do anything to see him.. borderlands 3:.. me: pic.twitter.com / c3wvkyrBge	1
me: omg I miss Rhys soooo much I would do anything to see him... borderlands 3:. me: pic.facebook.com / c3wvkyrBge	1
me: omg I miss Rhys soooo much I would do anything to see him. . borderlands 3: . . me: pic.twitter.com/c3wvkyrBge	1
5 me: omg I miss Rhys soooo much I would do anything to see him. . borderlands 3: . . me: pic.twitter.com/c3wvkyrBge	1
to	1
Watching You Kalloori Perfect Situation Mystic River Tampa Prescott Dak Johnson Marcus Lego Harry Potter: Years 5-7 Mille Lacs Leonard Kawhi Ivan Rakitic Chilton Dan Glazer Jeff Carter Julio Garcia Algemarin L Borderlands 2 I'll Always Love You. . loveok.store/best-online-sh… https://t.co/AP6H8thDzT	1
Lego Harry Potter: Years 5-7 Mille Lacs Leonard Kawhi Ivan Rakitic Chilton Dan Glazer Jeff Carter Julio Garcia Algemarin L Borderlands 2 I'll Always Love You... loveok.store / best-online-sh... https: / / t.co / AP6H8thDzT	1
Watching You Khori Perfect Mystic River Tampa Prescott Dak Johnson Marcus Lego Harry Potter: Years 5-7 Mille Lacs Leonard Kawhi Ivan Rakitic Chilton Dan Haser Jeff Carter Julio Garcia Algemarin L Borderlands 2 I'll Always Love You... loveok.store / best-online-sh...	1
Watching You Kalloori Perfect Situation Mystic River Tampa Prescott Xavier Johnson Marcus Spears Harry Potter: Years 5-7 Mille Lacs Leonard Kawhi Ivan Rakitic Thunder Jay Glazer Jeff Carter Julio Garcia Algemarin L Borderlands 2 Just Even Love You. Where loveok.store/best-online-sh… https://t.co/AP6H8thDzT]	1
Watching You Jimmy Kalloori Perfect Situation Mystic River Tampa Prescott Dak Johnson Marcus Lego Harry Potter : Years 5 - 7 Luc Mille 3 Lacs Leonard Kawhi Ivan Rakitic Chilton Dan Glazer III Jeff Carter Julio Luis Garcia Algemarin L Borderlands 2... I'll... Always Love You.. The loveok. store / major best - of online - sh … https://t.co/AP6H8thDzT ]	1
Watching You Kalloori Perfect Rainbow Mystic River Tampa Prescott Dak Johnson Avon Lego Harry Phillips: Years 14-7 Mille Lacs Leonard Fisher Ivan Rakitic Chilton Silver Glazer Jeff Carter Julio Garcia Algemarin 5 Borderlands 2 How'll Always Have If.. loveok.store/best-online-sh... https://t.co/AP6H8thDzT]	1
Capitalism on the Borderlands	0
Capitalism at the Border	0
Surrender on the Border	0
Capitalism on Political Borderlands	0
Capitalism on the European Borderlands	0
Capitalism through the Borderlands	0
This explains why there's a lack of fast travel stations in Guns, Love, and Tentacles.  Ridiculous.	0
This explains why there are no fast travel destinations in Guns, Love and Tentacles. Ridiculous.	0
This explains the lack of high-speed tram stations in Gothenburg, Ljuby and Tentacle.	0
This explains why there's a market of fast travel stations for Guns, Love, and Tentacles.  Ridiculous.	0
This explains why there's also a lack of regular fast travel stations in Guns, I Love, Love and Alternative Tentacles. Ridiculous.	0
basically explains why there's a lack of fast travel stations in Story, Love, & War. Ridiculous.	0
Enjoying my Borderlands 3 Tubbz out in the sun  @NumskullDesigns  	1
Enjoying my Borderlands 3 Tubbz in the sun @ NumskullDesigns	1
Enjoying my Borderlands 3 Tubbz in the sun @ NumskDesigns	1
Enjoying my Borderlands 3 Tubbz<unk> in the sun  @NumskullDesigns	1
Enjoying my Winter Borderlands at 3 Tubbz out in the golden sun @NumskullDesigns	1
to the Borderlands 3 Tubbz out in the sun @NumskullDesigns	1
Completed  	1
	1
Rejected	1
Completed	1
Series Completed	1
we	1
@Borderlands. Can we please get a big hot fix. I did a whole factory reset and a system wipe. But everytime i play borderlands to farm it crashes	0
@ Borderlands. Can we get a big fix please? I've reset an entire factory and deleted a system, but every time I play Borderlands to build a farm it crashes.	0
@ Borderlands. Can we please get a big hot fix. I did a whole factory reset and a system to wipe out. But whenever i play borderlands to farm it crashes	0
@Borderlands. could we please get a big hot fix. I gave an whole factory reset and a system wipe. But everytime i play borderlands to farm it crashes	0
@Borderlands. Can we just please get him a big hot fix. I did just a routine whole factory reset report and a system wipe. But not everytime i gotta play borderlands to farm it crashes	0
@Borderlands. Can we please have a big hot fix. I did a basic factory check and a system refresh. But everytime i play borderlands to farm system crashes	0
@Borderlands echo cast doesnt work for me even though it says it is on. it doesnt show anything on twitch about it being on except for when you refresh it says its loading it.	0
@ Borderlands echo cast doesn't work for me, though it says it is on. it doesn't point anything at twitching about that it's turned on, except when you update it, it says it's loading.	0
@ Borderlands echo cast doesn't work for me even though it says it's on.	0
@Borderlands echo cast doesnt work for me even though it says whatever is on. it doesnt show anything on twitch about something being on except for when you refresh it says its loading correctly.	0
@Borderlands echo cast back doesnt work for me even though it says it is on. it doesnt actually show anything on twitch about touching it or being on paper except not for when you write refresh it says something its loading it.	0
@Borderlands echo cast doesnt work for me even though it says it is on. it doesnt show normally on twitch of it being open except if when you hit which says its loading it.	0
Also bought Borderlands on the switch!! love that series and cant wait to play on the go!	1
Also purchased Borderlands on the switch!! Love this series and can't wait to play along the way!	1
Also bought Borderlands on the switch!! love this series and can't wait to play on the go!	1
Also bought Borderlands on the switch!! love that series and cant wait to play on to go!	1
And Also bought Borderlands on the switch!! We love it that series and cant wait to play on the second go!	1
Also bought Borderlands but the switch!! love that series and cant look to play on the next!	1
@Borderlands I can't play borderlands 3 on my Xbox without it crashing can you fix this pls	0
@ Borderlands I can't play Borderlands 3 on my Xbox without it crashing.	0
@ Borderlands I can't play borderlands 3 on my Xbox without it crashing can you fix this pls	0
@Borderlands<unk> can't play borderlands 3 on my tablet without it crashing can you fix this pls	0
A @Borderlands I can't play borderlands 3 on my Xbox without it completely crashing so can you maybe fix this pls	0
man I cannot't play borderlands 3 on our Xbox without it crashing can you fix this pls	0
My dumbass was like “what borderlands mod is this” because that mf looks like claptrap	0
My dumbass was like "What borderlands mod is this," because this MF looks like a rattlesnake.	0
My dumbass was like "what borderlands mod is this" because that mf looks like claptrap	0
My dumbass was like “what fun mod is this” because every mf looks like claptrap	0
... My dumbass was like “ asking what borderlands mod is at this time ” because that mf looks like claptrap	0
My dumbass was like the borderlands mod is this” because that mf looks to being	0
So last night.... Borderlands 3 first playthrough complete. Every level in Peggle 2 now unlocked for party night. . But forget all that, I wanna say a huge thank you to my community for all the support they have shown me, it’s insane! And last night was unbelievable so I want (1/2)	1
So last night.... Borderlands 3 first playthrough. Every level in Peggle 2 is now unlocked for the party.. But forget all that, I want to thank my community for all the support they showed me, it's insane! And last night was incredible, so I want (1 / 2)	1
So last night.... The first game of Borderlands 3 is over. Every level in Peggle 2 is now unlocked for the party night... But forget about it, I want to say a huge thank you to my community for all the support they gave me, it's just amazing!	1
So last night.... Borderlands 3 first playthrough complete. Every level in Peggle has now unlocked for tomorrow night.. But forget all that, I wanna say a huge thank yo to my friends after all the support they have shown me, it’s insane! And last night was unbelievable so I think (1/2)	1
So last night.... after Borderlands Chapter 3 first Xbox playthrough complete. Every level found in Peggle 2 now unlocked for party night.. But maybe forget all that, because I wanna say a big huge thank you to support my community for all the emotional support they have shown me, it ’ s absolutely insane! And last night was unbelievable so I want ( 1 / 2 )	1
So last evening.... complete 3 game playthrough complete. Every level in Peggle 2 now unlocked again tomorrow night.. and forget all this, I wanna say a huge thank you to my community in such the support they have shown me, it’s insane! And last night was full so I want (1/2)	1
I went to bed at 4am. 5 hours before that at 9pm i was farming Graveward. It is now almost 4pm and i went to farm Graveward again and on my first kill i tried to loot the vault but it was already looted! @Borderlands @Ki11ersix what is wrong with my game it is the broken.	0
I went to bed at 4am. 5 hours earlier at 9pm I was at Graveward Farm. It's almost 4pm now and I went back to Graveward Farm and on my first kill I tried to loot the safe but it was already looted! @ Borderlands @ Ki11ersix What's wrong with my game is the broken one.	0
I went to bed at 4 am. 5 hours before that at 9 pm i was farming Graveward. It is now almost 4 pm and i went to farm Graveward again and on my first kill i tried to lot the vault but it was already rooted! @ Borderlands @ Ki11ersix what is wrong with my game it is the broken.	0
I went to bed at 4am. 5 days before that at night m was farming Graveward. It is now almost 4pm and i went to farm Graveward again and on my new kill i tried to loot the vault but it was already full! @Borderlands @Ki11ersix what is wrong with my game it we the broken.	0
I went to bed at 4am. 5 hours before that at 9pm i was farming Graveward. It is now almost 4pm and i have went to farm near Graveward again and decided on scoring my first kill i tried not to loot the vault home but it somehow was not already looted! 6 @Borderlands @Ki11ersix what is wrong matters with my game it is the broken.	0
I went to bed at 12. 5 hours before bed at 9pm i were farming Graveward. It came still nearly 4pm and i tried to farm Graveward again and on my third kill i tried to loot the vault that it was already looted! @Borderlands @Ki11ersix what really wrong with my game it is the broken.	0
.  LIVE NOW!. . I feel like I have not streamed in forever probably because I have, sorry about that, more Borderlands for a bit with @eyesofness . . . Borderlands. .  twitch.tv/niam https://t.co/t7RJPcJ7DT	1
. LIVE NOW!.. I feel like I haven't poured in forever, probably because, sorry, I have more Borderlands for a bit with @ eyesofness... Borderlands.. twitch.tv / niam https: / / t.co / t7RJPcJ7DT	1
. LIVE NOW!.. I feel like I have not streamed in vehicle problem because I have, sorry about that, more Borderlands for a bit with @ eyesofness.... Borderlands...	1
.  LIVE NOW!. . I feel like I have not streamed in forever probably because I have, sorry about that, more Borderlands for a bit with RhandlerR . . . Borderlands. .  twitch.tv/niam RhttpR]	1
the .  LIVE NOW!. . I feel like I have not streamed in forever probably because I have, sorry about that, more Borderlands for a bit with RhandlerR . . . Borderlands. .  twitch.tv/niam RhttpR]	1
<unk>	1
@ITalkFortnite Just bought Borderlands 3 from @EpicGames using your creator code! Can’t wait to use the skin!	1
@ ITalkFortnite Just bought Borderlands 3 from @ EpicGames with your creator code! I can't wait to use the skin!	1
@ Ilennite Just bought Borderlands 3 from @ EpicGames using my creator code!	1
@ITalkFortnite Just bought Borderlands 3 from @EpicGames using your creator code! cant wait to see the skin!	1
@ITalkFortnite Just bought Borderlands 3 from my @EpicGames using your creator code code! Can ’ on t quite wait to help use the skin!	1
@ITalkFortnite actually bought Season 3 from YOU using your creator code! Can’t wait to own the skin!	1
I love u guys	1
I love u guys.	1
I love u guys	1
I love u bro	1
21 I love u guys	1
<unk> love u guys	1
Borderlands 3 Update Delayed Due To Anti-Racism Protests pic.twitter.com/dDq8WeXJlS	0
Borderlands 3 update delayed due to anti-racism protests pic.twitter.com / dDq8WeXJlS	0
Borderlands 3: Delayed Due To Anti-Racism Protests pic.wikipedia.org / dDq8WeXJlS	0
Borderlands 3 Update Delayed Due To Anti-Racism Protests pic.twitter.com/dDq8WeXJlS	0
Digital Borderlands 3 Update Delayed Due To Anti-Racism Protests pic.twitter.com/dDq8WeXJlS	0
that	0
@Borderlands I have some concerns with the new update. On console(Ps4 not sure about other) while playing the gaming audio and visuals start to constantly freeze and break making it hard to continue frame rates drop drastically. Should I be worried.	0
@ Borderlands I have some concerns with the new update. On the console (ps4 not sure about others) while playing the gaming audio and visuals start to freeze constantly and break, which makes it difficult to sink the frame rates drastically further. I should be worried.	0
@ Borderlands I have some misgivings about the new update. On the console (Ps4 is not sure otherwise) during the game audio and video are constantly hovering and breaking down, making it difficult to continue the sharp drop in frame rate.	0
@Borderlands I have some concerns with the new update. On console(Ps4 n sure whats it) while playing the gaming experience and visuals start to constantly freeze and break making it hard to continue frame rates drop drastically. Now I be worried.	0
@Borderlands I also have some... concerns with scheduling the new update. On console ( Ps4 in not sure about other ) while playing the gaming audio effects and visuals start to constantly freeze and heads break making it hard to continue and frame rates drop drastically. The Should if I go be worried.	0
@Borderlands I have some concerns with the new update. On console(Ps4 not sure about other) while after the gaming software and visuals start to really crash and break with very hard to continue frame rates drop drastically. Should or be worried.	0
Borderlands science is actually really enjoyable	1
Borderland science is really fun	1
Frontier Science Is Really Attractive	1
Borderlands science is actually somewhat enjoyable	1
Borderlands science is actually getting really enjoyable	1
Borderlands science is actually still enjoyable	1
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall giving money to randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they're actually good	0
borderlands 3 sucks why give yall money to randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they are actually good	0
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall giving money to random pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they're actually good	0
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall giving money to randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a cd. they're actually great	0
borderlands 3 sucks why are yall boy giving money to that randy pitchford? Just go borrow the same other games from a mutual friend. they're really actually good	0
borderlands now open or are yall giving money on randy pitchford? go borrow the other games from a friend. they're actually good	0
I should get up & feed my dogs & such that way when mac gets outta Dnd we can just do a watch together... I wanna play more borderlands but these cramps are bad today	1
I should get up & feed my dogs & stuff when the mac is out and we can just make a watch together... I want to play more Borderlands but these cramps are bad today	1
I have to get up and feed my dogs and so when the poppy gets angry we can just do a watch together... I want to play more in the border areas but these crazy ones today are bad	1
I just get up & feed my dogs & such that s when mac gets outta town we can just do a watch together... I wanna play more borderlands but still cramps are bad today	1
Maybe I should get up & feed off my dogs & such that the way when mac gets up outta Dnd Al we can just do a watch together... I wanna play football more over borderlands but these cramps all are bad today	1
I should get up & feed my dogs & all that way when mac are outta school we can also do some watch together... I wanna go more borderlands but these cramps are bad today	1
this is genuinely all you left me with? @GearboxOfficial @Borderlands pic.twitter.com/X4oKeH4TMH	0
That's really all you left me? @ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands pic.twitter.com / X4oKeH4TMH	0
Is that really all you left me? @ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands pic.fm / X4oKeH4TMH	0
this is genuinely all you left me with? RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/X4oKeH4TMH	0
and this is genuinely all you left me with? RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/X4oKeH4TMH	0
you	0
Holy shit borderlands 3 is ass.	0
Holy shit Borderlands 3 is ass.	0
Holy shit borderlands 3 is ass.	0
Holy shit borderlands 3 st ass.	0
Holy shit borderlands 3 is your ass.	0
Holy shit borderlands 3 my ass.	0
Live with some super interesting *LOL* boss farms in Borderlands 3!. twitch.tv/prismeyes33	1
Live with some super interesting * LOL * boss farms in Borderlands 3!. twitch.tv / prismeyes33	1
Live with some super interesting * LOL * boss farms in Borderlands 3!.	1
Live with some super interesting *LOL* boss farms in Borderlands 3!. twitch.tv/prismeyes33	1
via Live with some super interesting *LOL* boss farms in Borderlands 3!. twitch.tv/prismeyes33	1
as	1
Atleast I have Borderlands to cheer me up :(	1
At least I have Borderlands to cheer me up: (	1
At least I have Border Guards to cheer me on: (	1
Atleast I have Borderlands to match me up :(	1
The Atleast I have Borderlands to come cheer me up : (	1
Atleast I have Borderlands can cheer everything up :(	1
Borderlands 3 trash but also lowkey lit, just big sads it's easy as	0
Borderlands 3 Trash but also Lowkey illuminated, only big Sads it is easy as	0
Borderlands 3 thrash but also quietly lit, just large gardens it's easy as	0
Borderlands 3 trash but also lowkey lit, just big and it's easy as	0
... Borderlands of 3 trash but also real lowkey lit, just big sads it's easy as	0
Borderlands 3 trash but really lowkey lit, just big and it's easy as	0
Fantastic day today.  Congratulations to @GearboxOfficial @2K and @Borderlands.  Story makes you feel all the emotions, its the best looking DLC by a mile to boot!. . Thank you for letting me join the family!	1
Today is a fantastic day. Congratulations to @ GearboxOfficial @ 2K and @ Borderlands. History makes you feel all the emotions, plus it's the best looking DLC!.. Thank you for letting me join my family!	1
Congratulations @ GearboxOfficial @ 2K and @ Borderlands.	1
Fantastic day today.  Congratulations to @GearboxOfficial @2K and @Borderlands.  Story makes you feel all the better, its very awesome looking DLC by a mile to boot!.. Thank you for letting me join ur family!	1
Fantastic day today. 11 Congratulations to President @GearboxOfficial both @2K and @Borderlands. Your Story makes you one feel for all the emotions, its the third best looking DLC by a mile miles to go boot!.. Thank you for letting me join the Royal family!	1
Fantastic review today. Congratulations to brothers Jason and @GearboxOfficial. Story way you feel all the emotions, its the best looking thing by a mile of boot!.. great you guys letting me join the family!	1
Y’all stick with Mario Kart and Borderlands. Some shit where you don’t have to compete against someone else. Those are the main motherfuckers hating on me. People who play GTA or The Last Of Us.	1
Y'all stay with Mario Kart and Borderlands. Some shit where you don't have to compete against someone else. Those are the main motherfuckers who hate me. People who play GTA or The Last Of Us.	1
Y'all stick with Mario Kart and Borderlands. Some shit where you do not have to compete against someone else. Those are the main motherfuckers hatting on me. People who play GTA or The Last Of Us.	1
Y’all stick with Sky Kart and Borderlands. Some shit where you don’t have to compete against someone blind. There are the main motherfuckers hating on me. People that play GTA or The Last Of Us.	1
Some Y ’ all just stick with a Mario Kart and Borderlands. Some shit where you don ’ t have to compete against someone else. Those are the two main motherfuckers off hating and on watching me. People who just play GTA or The Last Two Of Us.	1
Y’all stick with Mario Kart and Borderlands. Play shit where you only have or compete off someone else. Those are the main motherfuckers hating on games. People really hate GTA or The Last Of Us.	1
HOW HAS IT BEEN A WHOLE YEAR?. Last year I had the legit pleasure of working with @2K_ANZ (and the don @Pez_Bro) on this custom @Borderlands themed @PlayStationAU 4.. . Oh what a time. Would love to work with the brand again for sureee! Still one of my favourite jobs.. . @poscauk pic.twitter.com/lN9snb7jSn	1
HOW HAPPENED IT ALL YEAR?. Last year I had the legitimate pleasure of working with @ 2K _ ANZ (and the don @ Pez _ Bro) on this custom @ Borderlands themed @ PlayStationAU 4... Oh what a time. Would love to work with the brand again to make sure! Still one of my favorite jobs... @ poscauk pic.twitter.com / lN9snb7jSn	1
Last year I had the legitimate pleasure of working with @ 2K _ ANZ (and don @ Pez _ Bro) on this custom @ Borderlands theme @ PlayStationAU 4... Oh what a time.	1
HOW HAS IT BEEN A WHOLE YEAR?. Last year I had the legit pleasure of working with RhandlerR (and the don RhandlerR on this custom RhandlerR themed RhandlerR 4.. . Oh what a time. Would love to work with the brand again for sureee! Still one of my favourite jobs.. . RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/lN9snb7jSn	1
N HOW HAS IT BEEN A WHOLE YEAR?. Last year I had the legit pleasure of working with RhandlerR (and the don RhandlerR on this custom RhandlerR themed RhandlerR 4.. . Oh what a time. Would love to work with the brand again for sureee! Still one of my favourite jobs.. . RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/lN9snb7jSn	1
The	1
Mayhem and Murder Aplenty! It's time for a  . . twitch.tv/bencompetence	1
Chaos and murder galore! It's time for a.. twitch.tv / bencompetence	1
Mayhem and the Murder of Apollo! It's time for... tch.tv / benefiction	1
Mayhem and Murder Aplenty! It's time for a  . . twitch.tv/bencompetence	1
as Mayhem and Murder Aplenty! It's time for a  . . twitch.tv/bencompetence	1
was	1
AGAIN @Borderlands WTF   	0
AGAIN @ Borderlands WTF	0
AGAIN @ Borderlands WTF	0
AGAIN @Borderlands<unk>	0
AGAIN 2 @Borderlands WTF	0
AGAIN AND WTF	0
This cricket has been the worst hivemind of fandom I have done this more times than I would love to be better if the Tarzan level in Kingdom Hearts is as bad as Borderlands.	0
This cricket was the worst hive of fandom I've done more times than I'd like to if the Tarzan level in Kingdom Hearts was as bad as Borderlands.	0
That cricket was the worst fennel fennel I've done more times than I'd like if Tarzan's level in the Kingdom of Hearts was as bad as Borderlands's.	0
This cricket has been the worst hivemind of fandom I have said this more times than I would love to be counting if the Tarzan level in Kingdom Hearts is as strong as Borderlands.	0
This cricket has been dubbed the worst single hivemind of game fandom I have certainly done this more times more than I or would love to be better if the Tarzan level in Kingdom Hearts is as bad there as Borderlands.	0
This cricket already been the worst hivemind for fandom who have done this more times than I would love to be better if the Tarzan level in Eight Hearts is as bad with mine.	0
Borderlands 3 is quite fun  	1
Borderlands 3 is really fun	1
Borderlands 3 is pretty funny	1
Borderlands 3 is quite different	1
Borderlands 3 is actually quite fun	1
Borderlands stuff is quite fun	1
Sweet	1
Sweet	1
The Sweat	1
Sweet	1
For Sweet	1
of	1
Who's down for some @Borderlands on  	1
Who's on for some @ Borderlands	1
Who's at @ Borderlands	1
Who's down with some @Borderlands on	1
Who't s someone down for some @Borderlands on	1
Who's down for the @Borderlands on	1
@EpicGames @2K @Steam why add crossplay for @Borderlands 3 if you weren't gonna make it compatible for console? What a waste	0
@ EpicGames @ 2K @ Steam, why add Crossplay for @ Borderlands 3 if you wouldn't make it compatible with the console? What a waste!	0
@ EpicGames @ 2K @ Steam Why add a crossplay for @ Borderlands 3 if you're not going to make it compatible for the console?	0
@EpicGames on @2K why add crossplay for @Steam 3 if you weren't planning make everything compatible for console? What a waste	0
@EpicGames 4 @2K @Steam why not add crossplay for @Borderlands 3... if you weren't t really gonna make it compatible enough for console? What with a waste	0
made @EpicGames @2K why add crossplay for it 3 if you weren't gonna make it compatible for console? That was horrible	0
Well I certainly had a good Valentine's day. I went to the store and bought 2 box's of honey buns, 2 liters of Dr pepper, and enjoyed playing borderlands 3 with the boys. In other words I spent it alone and enjoyed the hell out of it. Goodnight y'all.	1
Well, I definitely had a nice Valentine's Day. I went to the store and bought 2 boxes of honey rolls, 2 liters of Dr. Pepper and enjoyed playing Borderlands 3 with the boys. In other words, I spent it alone and enjoyed the hell. Goodnight y'all.	1
Well, of course I had a good Valentine's Day. I went to the store and bought 2 boxes of honey, 2 liters of Dr. Pepper and enjoyed playing border 3 with the boys. In other words, I spent it alone and enjoyed the hell out of it. Goodnight y'all.	1
Well Tom certainly had a good Valentine's day. Actually went to the grocery yesterday bought 2 box's of honey buns, 2 bottles of Dr pepper, and enjoyed playing borderlands 3 with the boys. In other words I spent it alone and enjoyed the hell out of it. Nice y'all.	1
Well I certainly had a good Valentine's day. Then I went to the store and bought 2 whole box'r s of honey filled buns, then 2 liters each of Dr pepper, and enjoyed playing borderlands game 3 with the beer boys. In other words not I spent it alone again and enjoyed the hell out of it. Goodnight y'all.	1
Well I certainly did a good Valentine's day. I went to the shop and bought 2 box's of honey buns, 2 liters of Dr pepper, but enjoyed playing the golf with our boys. That my words exactly ran it alone and enjoyed the hell out of it. Goodnight y'all.	1
Fuck you Epic Store. Borderlands 3 for PC coming to Steam on March 13 disq.us/t/3mi5yed	1
Fuck you Epic Store. Borderlands 3 for PC comes to Steam disq.us / t / 3mi5yed on March 13	1
Fuck you Epic Store. Borderlands 3 for PC coming to Steam on March 13 disq.us / t / 3mi5yed	1
Fuck your Epic Store. Borderlands 3 for PC coming to Steam Stores March 13 disq.us/t/3mi5yed	1
2010 Fuck you this Epic Store. Borderlands 3 Made for PC and coming straight to Steam on March 13 disq. us / t / 3mi5yed	1
Fuck The Epic Store. Party 3 for free coming into Steam on March 13 disq.us/t/3mi5yed	1
Started playing @Borderlands 2 dlcs again. These are the best dlcs ever made. The writing is perfect and the humor is on point, just like the main game.	1
Started playing @ Borderlands 2 dlcs again. These are the best dlcs ever made. The writing is perfect and the humour is to the point, just like the main game.	1
Re-started playing @ Borderlands 2. This is the best I've ever done. It's written perfectly, the humor is on point, just like in the main game.	1
Started playing @Borderlands 2 dlcs again. These are his best dlcs ever made. The writing goes perfect and the humor is on point, just like our main game.	1
Started playing @Borderlands to 2 dlcs again. These are the best dlcs fans ever made. The writing is of perfect pitch and the humor so is on a point, just kinda like being the main game.	1
Started playing @Borderlands 2 dlcs again. These are the best dlcs ever ever. Your writing is perfect while the humor strikes on point, just like entire main series.	1
Its a combination of things. 1) I really love @tonyhawk (follow him) and wanted to be called Hawk. 2) Lilith from Borderlands. She's called the Firehawk but that's always taken so Blazehawk it was. 3) The 117 comes from my love for Halo. It's just to make sure it's not taken.	1
It's a combination of things. 1) I really love @ tonyhawk (follow him) and wanted to be called Hawk. 2) Lilith from Borderlands. She's called Firehawk, but that's always been taken the way Blazehawk was. 3) The 117 is from my love of Halo. It's just to make sure it's not taken.	1
Its a combination of things. 1) I really love @ tonyhawk (follow him) and wanted to be called Hawk. 2) Lilith from Borderlands. She's called the Firehawk but that's always taken so Blazehawk it was. 3) The 127 comes from my love for Halo. It's just to make sure it's not taken.	1
Its a combination of things. 1) I really love @tonyhawk<unk> him) and wanted to be called Hawk. 2) Lilith the Borderlands. She's called the Firehawk but that's kinda taken so Blazehawk it was. 2) The 117 comes from this love for Hawk. It's just to make sure thats not taken.	1
Its a combination of things. 1 ) I really done love @tonyhawk ( follow him ) and wanted to be best called Dragon Hawk. C 2 ) Lilith from Borderlands. She's called the Firehawk... but that's always taken so Blazehawk it was. 3 ) The term 117 comes from my romantic love for the Halo. It's just to make good sure it's also not taken.	1
Its another bunch of things. I) I really love @tonyhawk (follow him) and wanted to be called Hawk. 2) Lilith from Borderlands. She's called the Echo but that's rarely been so therefore it was. 3) The 117 comes from my love for Halo. It's impossible to make like it's never taken.	1
Somehow I JUST discovered the @PowerRangers reference in @Borderlands 3... .  I love this game.	1
Somehow I discovered the @ PowerRangers reference in @ Borderlands 3. I love this game.	1
Somehow I found a link to @ PowerRangers in @ Borderlands 3... I love this game.	1
Somehow someone JUST discovered the music reference in @PowerRangers 3....  I love this game.	1
Somehow wrong I JUST discovered in the @PowerRangers reference in The @Borderlands 3....... I love this guitar game.	1
Somehow must just find the video reference in @PowerRangers 3.... I love this game.	1
My favourite games I guess?. . 1. Minecraft. Can’t ever beat that.. 2. Plants Vs. Zombies - First video game I played. 3. Borderlands 2 - Thank @DarkyMaine for this. 4. Undertale/Deltarune. 5. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. . Dibs on @Art_Author and @Robang592 to try this	1
My favorite games I guess?.. 1. Minecraft. Can't beat that.. 2. Plants Vs. Zombies - First video game I played. 3. Borderlands 2 - Thank you @ DarkyMaine for that. 4. Undertale / Deltarune. 5. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe... Dibs on @ Art _ Author and @ Robang592 to try this out	1
My favorite games I guess?... 1. Minecraft. Can't ever beat that.. 2. Plants Vs. Zombies - First video game I played. 3. Borders 2 - Thank @ DarkyMaine for this. 4. Undertale / Darune. 5. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe... Dibs on @ Art _ Author and @ Robang592 to try this	1
My Dream console I get?.. 1. Mario. Can’t ever beat that.. 2. Plants Vs. Zombies - First video game I played. three. Borderlands 2 - Thank @DarkyMaine for this. 4. Undertale/Deltarune. 6. Mario Kart 8 again.. Dibs on @Art_Author and @Robang592 to try this	1
My favourite games I could guess?.. Also 1. Minecraft. Can we ’ t ever beat that.. 2. Blood Plants World Vs. Vampire Zombies - First video game I played. 3. Borderlands 2 - Thank @DarkyMaine also for this. 4. Undertale / Deltarune. 5. Mario Brothers Kart 8 Deluxe.. Dibs on @Art_Author and was @Robang592 going to try this	1
My earliest games actually played?.. 1. Minecraft. Can’t a beat that.. 2. Plants Vs. Zombies - First ever game even played. 3. Borderlands 2 - Thank @DarkyMaine for this. 4. Undertale/Deltarune. 5. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.. Bravo at @Art_Author and @Robang592 to try this	1
 .  	1
	1
	1
.	1
.	1
.	1
YO! Epic giveaway stream! Got to gift out 2 Twitch Subs to the channel last stream!. . Congratz to @StoicFlash and ttv/Danagor1129!. . DbD was EPIC!. Marble on Stream was EPIC!. Borderlands 3 was EPIC!. . Fucking love you, guys.. Epic nerd, out.	1
YO! Epic Giveaway Stream! May give away 2 Twitch Subs to the last stream of the station!.. Congratulations to @ StoicFlash and ttv / Danagor1129!.. DbD was EPIC!. Marble on Stream was EPIC!. Borderlands 3 was EPIC!.. Damn love you guys.. Epic Nerd, out.	1
YO! Epic giveaway stream! Got to give out 2% Subs to the channel last stream!.. Congratz to @ StoicFlash and ttv / Danagor1129!.. DbD was FBD was FBD!. Marble on Stream was FBIC!. Borders 3 was FBIC!.. Fucking love you, guys.. Epic nerd, out.	1
YO! Epic giveaway stream! Got to gift me 3 Wii Subs to the channel last stream!.. Congratz to @StoicFlash and ttv/Danagor1129!., DbD was awesome Marble on Stream was stunning Borderlands 3 was EPIC!.. Fucking love you, guys.. We nerd, out.	1
YO! Epic epic giveaway stream! Got to gift out 2 Twitch Subs to the channel 2 last stream!.. and Congratz me to @StoicFlash and receive ttv / 1 Danagor1129!.. DbD was Big EPIC!. Marble on Stream 8 was huge EPIC!. Borderlands 3 was EPIC!.. Fucking Gotta love you, guys.. Epic nerd, out.	1
YO! Epic giveaway<unk>! proceeds to gift out 2 Twitch Subs who hit first last stream!.. Congratz to @StoicFlash and ttv/Danagor1129!.. It was awesome!. Blog on Stream was brilliant!. Borderlands 3 a EPIC!.. Fucking love you, guys.. Epic nerd, out.	1
Borderlands 3 is Amazing twitch.tv/nightshade1245_	1
Borderlands 3 is amazing twitch.tv / nightshade1245 _	1
Borderlands 3 is Amazing: tch.tv / nightshade1245 _	1
Borderlands 3 is Amazing twitch.tv/nightshade1245_	1
IBM Borderlands 3 is Amazing twitch.tv/nightshade1245_	1
not	1
Eli Roth is making a movie based on the game,  . . bit.ly/2wv4KHM	1
Eli Roth is making a movie about the game,.. bit.ly / 2wv4KHM	1
Elie is making a film based on the game,.. bit.ly / 2wv4KHM	1
Eli Roth is making a comic based on said game, .. bit.ly/2wv4KHM	1
Eli Whitney Roth International is making a movie based loosely on using the game,.. bit. ly / on 2wv4KHM	1
Eli Roth is making a movie focusing on that novel,.. bit.ly/2wv4KHM	1
I want to thank  	1
I want to say thank you	1
I want to thank	1
I want to know	1
That I want to thank	1
then want to thank	1
never again	0
Never again	0
Never again	0
never happened	0
and never again	0
<unk> again	0
I'm honestly not sure how I feel about this, I'm going to have to see how things Shape Up. I love Borderlands 1 and 2. I've enjoyed a few Eli Roth films also.  We shall see.	1
I'm honestly not sure how I feel about it, I'll have to see how things turn out. I love Borderlands 1 and 2. I've also enjoyed a few Eli Roth movies. We'll see.	1
I'm honestly not sure how I feel about it, I'll have to see how it goes. I love Borderlands 1 and 2. I also liked a few Eli Osborne movies. Let's see.	1
I'm honestly less sure that I feel about this, really going to have to see how things Shape Up. I love Borderlands 1 and 2. I've enjoyed select few Eli Roth films also.  We shall see.	1
as I'm honestly not sure how I feel about this, I'm going nuts to have to see into how These things Shape Up. And I love Zombie Borderlands 1 and 2. I've just enjoyed a few Eli Roth films also. Like We not shall ever see.	1
I'm sure not sure how I relate to this, I'm going to have another wonder how things Shape Up. I loved Borderlands 1 and Beyond. I've enjoyed a few Eli Roth films also. We shall see.	1
So after the past 9 days of streaming on the bounce, and last nights insanely brilliant session on  . . Psi Out! . 	1
So after the last 9 days of streaming on the Bounce and the insanely brilliant session last night... Psi Out!.	1
So, after the last 9 days of streaming on the rebound, and the last nights of a stunningly brilliant session on... Psi Out!.	1
So after the past 9 days of streaming on the bounce, following last weekends insanely brilliant session on .. Psi Out!.	1
So after the next past 9 days months of video streaming on that the bounce, and last nights insanely brilliant session on.. and Psi Out!.	1
So after the past 9 days about riding on the bounce, and that nights insanely brilliant session on.. Psi da!.	1
bioshock and borderlands coming to the switch let's fucking go	1
Bioshock and Borderlands in the switching game Let's fucking go	1
bioshock and borderlands approaching the switch, let's fuck it up	1
bioshock and borderlands coming to the switch so fucking go	1
bioshock plains and borderlands coming out to the switch let'a s fucking go	1
bioshock and borderlands coming to the UK let's fucking fucking	1
@GearboxOfficial sooooo....when we getting that borderlands 3 xbox one x patch that fixes console shutting down???	0
@ GearboxOfficial sooooo.... if we get that Borderlands 3 xbox an x patch that fixes console shutdown???	0
@ GearboxOfficial sooooo.... when we getting that borderlands 3 xbox one x patch that fixes console shutting down???	0
@GearboxOfficial sooooo....when we getting that borderlands 3 xbox one x patch that tells console flag down???	0
@GearboxOfficial sooooo.... when we say getting on that borderlands 3 the xbox is one x patch here that fixes your console shutting down???	0
@GearboxOfficial sooooo....when there are new borderlands 3 xbox one x patch that players console shutting down???	0
Sunday Funday! Enjoying Borderlands 3 twitch.tv/mad_man31	1
Sunday Funday! Enjoying Borderlands 3 twitch.tv / mad _ man31	1
Sunday Funday! Enjoying Borderlands 3: tch.tv / mad _ man31	1
Sunday Funday! Enjoying Borderlands 3 twitch.tv/mad_man31	1
2013 Sunday Funday! Enjoying Borderlands 3 twitch.tv/mad_man31	1
<unk>	1
Damn, the Borderlands remaster was my most played game on PS4 throughout ALL of 2019? And it was followed by Modern Warfare and One Piece World Seeker??? This is even more dire looking than my numbers on Switch... pic.twitter.com/XOOkfj1IEj	1
Damn it, the remaster of Borderlands was my most played game on PS4 for the whole of 2019? And it was followed by Modern Warfare and One Piece World Seeker??? This looks even bleaker than my numbers on Switch... pic.twitter.com / XOOkfj1IEj	1
Damn, Borderlands Fister was my most popular game on PS4 for the whole of 2019? And it was followed by Modern Warfare and One Wace World Seeker??? It's even worse than my numbers on Swift... pic.wikipedia.com / XOOk1J	1
Damn, the Borderlands remaster was my most played game on PS4 throughout ALL of 2019? And it was followed by Modern Warfare and One Piece World Seeker??? This is even more dire looking than my numbers on Switch... pic.twitter.com/XOOkfj1IEj	1
John Damn, the Borderlands remaster was my most played game on PS4 throughout ALL of 2019? And it was followed by Modern Warfare and One Piece World Seeker??? This is even more dire looking than my numbers on Switch... pic.twitter.com/XOOkfj1IEj	1
had	1
Hmmmmmm this could be really good	1
Hmmmmmmmm, that could be really good	1
Hmm, it could be really good	1
Hmmmmmm this could be rather good	1
Hmmmmmm man this could be really good	1
Hmmmmmm this could be quite good	1
I really enjoy streaming these fun story based games, and this one is no exception.. . -Ash	1
I really enjoy streaming these fun story-based games, and this one is no exception... -Ash	1
I'm really enjoying streaming these fun games based on history, and this game is no exception.	1
I really enjoy streaming these fun story time panels, and this one is no exception... -Ash	1
I never really enjoy streaming all these fun story based games, though and this good one is no exception... - Ash	1
I really love streaming these excellent story based games, and this one is no particular... -Ash	1
Finally got our hands on Borderlands 3 on @GoogleStadia  this weekend thanks to the free weekend for Pro Subscribers, so naturally, we had to compare it to the others, shame GeForce NOW couldn't be part of it @2K @Borderlands feel free to bring it back youtu.be/1obL-mLnSG4	1
Thanks to the free weekend for Pro subscribers, we finally got our hands on Borderlands 3 this weekend on @ GoogleStadia, so of course we had to compare it to the others, too bad GeForce couldn't be there NOW @ 2K @ Borderlands won't hesitate to bring it back to youtu.be / 1obL-mLnSG4	1
Finally we got our hands on Borderlands 3 at @ GoogleStadia this weekend thanks to a free day off for Pro subscribers, so naturally we had to compare it to others, shame GeForce NOW could not be part of this @ 2K @ Borderlands feel free to bring it back youtu.be / 1obL-mLnSG4	1
Finally laid our hands on Borderlands 3 on @GoogleStadia  this weekend thanks from their free weekend for Pro Subscribers, so eh, we had to compare prices to the others, shame GeForce NOW couldn't be put on it @2K @Borderlands feel free to bring it back youtu.be/1obL-mLnSG4	1
Finally got our hands on Borderlands 3 on @GoogleStadia this Fall weekend thanks to the usual free weekend distribution for Pro Music Subscribers, and so naturally, sometimes we had to compare it to the others, shame from GeForce 3 NOW couldn't be part of it @2K @Borderlands feel free to also bring it back onto youtu. be / 1obL - mLnSG4	1
us got our copy on Borderlands back on @GoogleStadia this weekend thanks to the free weekend for Pro Gaming, so naturally, we plan to send the to the other, shame GeForce which couldn't be part of it @2K and feel free to bring it back youtu.be/1obL-mLnSG4	1
Cheers @Borderlands...Didn‘t want that legendary anyway  	1
Cheers @ Borderlands... Didn't want the legendary one anyway	1
Cheers @ Borderlands... Didn't want that legendary anyway	1
Cheers @Borderlands...Didn‘t become that legendary anyway	1
TV Cheers @Borderlands... Didn t ‘ its t want that legendary anyway	1
Cheers @Borderlands...Didn‘t want that on dude	1
I've experienced acid reflux before. I did not enjoy it!	0
I've experienced acid reflux before, which I didn't enjoy!	0
I've had acid reflux before, I didn't like it!	0
I've experienced acid baths before. I did not enjoy it!	0
I've experienced acid reflux this before. I did not very enjoy experiencing it!	0
I've tried having reflux before. I did not enjoy it!	0
i maed dis bc i love maya (the siren) and im very proud of it . .  	1
i maed dis bc i love maya (the siren) and I am very proud of it.	1
i maed dis bc i love maya (the siren) and im very proud of it.	1
i do dis bc i am maya (the siren) and im very proud of it..	1
i maed is dis bc i love maya ( the siren ) and i im very fucking proud of losing it..	1
i maed dis bc i love the (the beautiful) girl im so proud of it..	1
A reimagining of the Keep on the Borderlands. And he’s also doing the Caves of Chaos! This stuff was formative for many of us from way back. I love it!	1
And he also makes the caves of chaos! This stuff was formative for many of us a long time ago. I love it!	1
And he's also doing "The Eagles"! This stuff was for many of us from the road back. I love it!	1
A reimagining of the Keep and the Borderlands. And he’s also doing Seven Caves of Chaos! This stuff was formative of many of us from way back. I love Batman!	1
« A reimagining of the Keep and on the Borderlands.... And... he said ’ was s also doing the Caves of Chaos! This stuff was so formative for too many of us from way back. I love it!	1
A reimagining of Lost Keep on the Borderlands. And he’s also doing the Caves through Chaos! That stuff looked formative as many of these from way back. I love it!	1
love him xx.  	1
Love him.	1
Love him.	1
love mum xx.	1
Please love him xx.	1
gave him xx.	1
I just crafted my own action-skill in Borderlands 3 and it works. . 🤯	1
I just developed my own action skill in Borderlands 3 and it works.	1
I just got carried away with my own action skill in Borderlands 3 and it works.	1
I just crafted your own action-skill in Borderlands 3 and it works.. 🤯	1
I finally just crafted my own action - skill in Borderlands 3 and thought it seriously works.. [UNK]	1
therefore just crafted the default action-skill in Borderlands 3 and it works.. <unk>	1
Destiny is just Borderlands but shit	0
Destiny is just Borderlands, but shit	0
Destiny is just borderland, but shit	0
Destiny as just Borderlands but shit	0
Destiny Park is just Borderlands but shit	0
Destiny is just Borderlands but I	0
Happy Sunday  	1
Happy Sunday	1
Happy Sunday	1
Happy Saturday	1
A Happy Sunday	1
on Sunday	1
Why does my Xbox One X still shut itself off when I play Blands 3..? @GearboxOfficial @Borderlands	0
Why does my Xbox One X still turn off when I play Blands 3? @ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands	0
Why does my Xbox One X still turn off when I play Blands 3..? @ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands	0
Why does an Xbox 360 X still shut itself off when I play Blands 3..? @GearboxOfficial @Borderlands	0
Why does my red Xbox One X still shut itself shut off knowing when would I play Blands 3..? S @GearboxOfficial @Borderlands	0
Why if its Xbox One X still shut itself shut when I play Blands 3..? @GearboxOfficial 3	0
Found this interesting book in the new Bl3 dlc  	1
You can find this interesting book in the new Bl3 dlc	1
Leave this interesting book in the new Bl3	1
Found an interesting book in the new Bl3 dlc	1
Found this interesting fourth book in the new Bl3 e dlc	1
using this same book in the new Bl3 dlc	1
Incredible Borderlands 2 Stream last night! Really enjoyed it. Thank you for everyone that came along, I appreciate you all. Who's ready for another stream on Friday?? . 	1
Incredible Borderlands 2 stream last night! I really enjoyed it. Thanks for everyone who came along, I appreciate you all. Who's ready for another stream on Friday??.	1
Incredible Borderlands 2 Stream last night! Really enjoyed it. Thank you for everyone that came along, I appreciate you all. Who's ready for another stream on Friday??	1
Incredible Borderlands 2 Stream last month! Really enjoyed things. Thank you for everyone that came along, I appreciate you all. Who's who for another stream on Friday??.	1
The Incredible Borderlands 2 Stream last night!... Really enjoyed it. Thank you for everyone that it came along, I immensely appreciate you and all. Who'you s ready for reading another stream on Friday??.	1
Incredible Borderlands Rail Stream last night! Really enjoyed tonight. Thank you for everyone to came along, also appreciate you all. Who's ready for another 5 on 5??.	1
by the way the handsome collection is free on Epic Games today!! Borderlands 2 the greatest looter shooter ever is free today!!!	1
By the way, the pretty collection is free today on Epic Games!! Borderlands 2, the greatest looter shooter of all time, is free today!!!	1
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
by the way a handsome collection is free on Epic Games today!! Borderlands 2 the greatest looter shooter ever is launching today!!!	1
by the way where the handsome collection is free on any Epic Games website today!! in Borderlands 2 the greatest looter shooter ever is free out today!!!	1
by the way the handsome collection for free at Epic Games today!! Borderlands 2 the ultimate looter shooter ever is popular today!!!	1
I have a gundam with a nuclear missile launcher. . Borderlands 3 is good	1
I have a cannon dam with a nuclear missile launcher... Borderlands 3 is good	1
I have a launcher with a nuclear missile... Borderlands 3 is good	1
I got a gundam with a nuclear missile launcher.. Borderlands 3 is good	1
I have on a gundam tank with a small nuclear missile launcher.. Borderlands 3 is good	1
I have a gundam with 20 nuclear missile launcher.. 30 3 is good	1
.  L I V E !. . Weekend runs with viewers! Let's have some fun!  . . twitch.tv/pilotplaysgames https://t.co/YCyvZsYPg8	1
. L I V E!.. Weekend running with viewers! Let's have fun!.. twitch.tv / pilotplaysgames https: / / t.co / YCyvZsYPg8	1
. L I V E!. Weekend runs with television! Let's have some fun!........ tch.tv / pilotplaysgames https: / / www.co / YCyvZsYPg8	1
.  L I V E !. . Weekend runs with viewers! Let's have some fun!  . . twitch.tv/pilotplaysgames RhttpR]	1
On .  L I V E !. . Weekend runs with viewers! Let's have some fun!  . . twitch.tv/pilotplaysgames RhttpR]	1
you	1
Been busy this time and by busy I mean Ive been working and borderlands 2 on switch so heres a bald Maya Ive been playing and in love with pic.twitter.com/hVzpUeZfrC	1
This time I was busy and by that I mean that I worked and put Borderlands 2 on switches so that a bald Maya Ive plays here and is in love with pic.twitter.com / hVzpUeZfrC.	1
At this time I was busy and by employment I mean I was working and border land 2 on the switch, so heres balding Maya Ive played and was in love with pic.facebook.com / hVzpUeZfrC	1
Been busy this time and by busy I mean Ive been working and borderlands 2 on switch so heres a bald Maya Ive been playing and in love with pic.twitter.com/hVzpUeZfrC	1
for Been busy this time and by busy I mean Ive been working and borderlands 2 on switch so heres a bald Maya Ive been playing and in love with pic.twitter.com/hVzpUeZfrC	1
had	1
My favorite games of 2019, no particular order:. Borderlands 3. Rage 2. The Outer Worlds. Control. Death Stranding. Metro Exodus. Days Gone. Also played  The walking dead Final season, didn't really like it.. Life is strange season 2 was good but not great.	1
My favorite games of 2019, without special order:. Borderlands 3. Rage 2. The Outer Worlds. Control. Death Stranding. Metro Exodus. Days Gone. Also played The Walking Dead final season, I did not really like.. Life is strange season 2 was good but not great.	1
My favorite games for 2019, no special order:.. Borderlands 3. Rage 2. OWorlds. Control. Death Stranding. Metro Exodus. Days Gone. Also played The Walking Dead Final season, didn't really like it.. Life Strange Season 2 was good, but not great.	1
My favorite games of 2019, no particular order:. Borderlands 4. Rage 2. The Outer Worlds. Control. Death Note. Metro Exodus. Days Gone. Also played  The walking dead in season, didn't really like the Which is strange season 2 was good but not great.	1
My fifteen favorite 2D games of 2019, no particular order :. Borderlands Brigade 3. Born Rage 2. The Outer Worlds. Control. Shadow Death Stranding. Metro and Exodus. Days Gone. Also played The whole walking dead Final 2 season, didn't really like it.. Life is strange season Two 2 was good but not feeling great.	1
My favorite games of old, no specific order:. Borderlands 3. Rage 2. The Outer Worlds. Control. Death match. Metro World. Long Gone. Also played The walking dead THIS season, got't really expect it.. Life is strange season 2 was decent but not great.	1
Hi I lost two hours of progress in borderlands again how is everyone	0
Hello, I lost another two hours of progress in Borderland, how are everyone?	0
Hee, I lost two hours of progress in the border areas like everyone else	0
Hi I lost two hours of progress in borderlands again how is u	0
Hi S I lost two hours of progress in southern borderlands again how is everyone	0
Hi I lost two hours of progress in borderlands again or is it	0
@Borderlands  	0
@ Borderlands	0
@ Borderlands	0
@Borderlands	0
F @Borderlands	0
not	0
@Borderlands @DuvalMagic  the hearts event is brilliant!!!!  Thank you!!!	1
@ Borderlands @ DuvalMagic the hearts event is brilliant!!!! Thank you!!!	1
@ Borderlands @ DuvalMagic the hearts event is brilliant!!!! Thank you!!!	1
@Borderlands @DuvalMagic  Every hearts event is brilliant!!!!  Thank you!!!	1
so @Borderlands the @DuvalMagic the hearts of event which is brilliant!!!! Thank you!!!	1
@Borderlands @DuvalMagic the hearts event was truly Thank you!!!	1
First Legendary drop, think I'm going to have a good time with @Borderlands ! . @LordsGamingNet  	1
The first legendary drop, think I'm going to have a good time with @ Borderlands!. @ LordsGamingNet	1
First Legendary drop, think I'm going to have a good time with @ Borderlands!. @ LordsGamingNet	1
First Legendary drop, think I'm going to have a little time with @Borderlands! - @LordsGamingNet	1
First Legendary plane drop, think I'm going over to get have a pretty good time with @Borderlands!. As @LordsGamingNet	1
First Legendary drop, and I'm going to have a wonderful time with this!.<unk>	1
New borderlands raid is really good and fun.	1
New border raids are really good and fun.	1
The new Border Force raid is really good and fun.	1
New borderlands raid is a good and fun.	1
New borderlands raid strategy is really good and for fun.	1
New borderlands raid is really good and epic.	1
Ohhhh I’m interested.	1
Ohhhh, I'm interested.	1
It's interesting to me.	1
Ohhhh how interested.	1
Ohhhh I know ’ m interested.	1
Ohhhh I’m not.	1
@FINALLEVEL finally bought myself a copy of Borderlands 3. Game went from awesome to Legendary when Balex entered. You absolutely killed it.	1
@ FINALLEVEL finally bought me a copy of Borderlands 3. The game went from awesome to legendary when Balex joined.	1
@ FINALLEVEL finally bought himself a copy of Borderlands 3.	1
@FINALLEVEL finally bought myself a copy of Borderlands 3. Game went the awesome to Legendary when Balex entered. It absolutely killed it.	1
@FINALLEVEL finally bought myself a copy of Borderlands 3. My Game went from awesome to Dark Legendary Classic when Mr Balex immediately entered. You absolutely killed doing it.	1
@FINALLEVEL finally bought myself a disk of Borderlands 3. Game went from awesome to Legendary when Balex entered. Everyone must despise it.	1
Xenoblade DE, Borderlands releasing today on thr Switch got me so hyped I couldn't care less about the catfights over Chromatica and who's dying cause of the PH govt.. . I'm gonna play while the world around me burns.. . The admin will get us all killed anyway. pic.twitter.com/1lXkXls9C8	1
Xenoblade DE, Borderlands, out today on Switch, has made me so hyped that I couldn't care less about the catfights over Chromatica and who is the cause of the PH-Govt... I will play while the world burns around me... The admin will kill us all anyway. pic.twitter.com / 1lXkXls9C8	1
Xenoblade DE, Borderlands Fashing today on thr Swim got me so hyped I can't know less about the catfights over Chromatica and who's dying cause of the PH goal... I'm gonna play while the world around me burns... The admin will get us all killed anyway. pic.facebook.com / 1lXkX9C8	1
Xenoblade DE, Borderlands releasing today on thr Switch got me so hyped I couldn't care less about the catfights over Chromatica and who's dying cause of the PH govt.. . I'm gonna play while the world around me burns.. . The admin will get us all killed anyway. pic.twitter.com/1lXkXls9C8	1
The Xenoblade DE, Borderlands releasing today on thr Switch got me so hyped I couldn't care less about the catfights over Chromatica and who's dying cause of the PH govt.. . I'm gonna play while the world around me burns.. . The admin will get us all killed anyway. pic.twitter.com/1lXkXls9C8	1
in	1
Today sucked so it’s time to drink wine n play borderlands until the sun comes up so I can hate myself all day tomorrow.	1
Sucked in today, so it's time to drink wine and play borderland until the sun comes up so I can hate myself all day tomorrow.	1
Today sucked, so it's time to drink wine and play the border until the sun rises, so I can hate myself all day tomorrow.	1
Today sucked so it’s time to drink wine / play borderlands until the sun comes up so I can find myself all day tomorrow.	1
Today sucked so it fit ’ I s time everyone to drink wine n play borderlands until the April sun comes up so I can hate myself all day by tomorrow.	1
Today sucked shit it’s time everyone drink wine n write borderlands until the sun goes up so I can hate myself all day tomorrow.	1
Gonna get stuck in Borderlands 2 and Batman: Arkham Knight for a bit before all the gaming craziness commences in November. Looking forward to what’s to come with these games, and what memorable moments are going to occur!. . Man.... gaming is friggin AWESOME!	1
I'll get stuck a bit in Borderlands 2 and Batman: Arkham Knight before all the gaming madness starts in November. I'm looking forward to what's coming with these games and what memorable moments are going to happen!.. Man.... gaming is scary!	1
Stuck in Borderlands 2 and Batman: Arkham Knight for a while before all the crazy games in November. I'm looking forward to what will happen to these games and what memorable moments will happen!.. Man.... gambling is terrible!	1
Gonna get Lost in Borderlands 2 and Batman: Dark Knight for a bit before all the gaming craziness commences in November. Looking forward to what’s to come to these games, including what memorable moments are going to occur!.. But gaming is friggin AWESOME!	1
was Gonna get people stuck in game Borderlands 2 and Batman : Arkham Knight for a bit before then all the gaming craziness commences in mid November.... Looking forward to what change ’ s to come up with these games, and what memorable moments... are really going to occur!.. Man.... gaming is friggin AWESOME!	1
Gonna get stuck in games X and 4: Arkham City for a bit before all the gaming craziness happens in November. Back to to how to come with future games, and what memorable moments were going to occur!.. Man.... gaming is friggin AWESOME!	1
My person, you are the best.	1
Me, you are the best.	1
My man, you're the best.	1
My person, you are at best.	1
My person, you are always the best.	1
My person, you were the best.	1
Look, I love Borderlands 3 to death, but what I want to know is WHICH MORON AT GEARBOX DESIGNED THE MALIWAN CIRCLE OF SLAUGHTER?! 10 HEAVIES AND 4 BADASS TROOPERS IN A SINGLE WAVE?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!	0
See, I love Borderlands 3 to death, but what I want to know is WHAT MORON AT GEARBOX DESIGNET THE MALIWAN CIRCLE OF SLAUGHTER?! 10 HEAVEN AND 4 BATHROOPERS IN A WAVE?! CAN YOU MY?!	0
Look, I love Borderlands 3 to death, but what I want to know is WHAT MORON ON HEARBOX IS MALIVAN CIRCLE FROM SLAUGTER?! 10 ACCIDENTS AND 4 BADASS TRUPERS IN THE WAY?!	0
Look, everyone played Borderlands 3 to death, but really I want to know is WHICH MORON AT GEARBOX DESIGNED YOUR MALIWAN CIRCLE OF HIS 10<unk> AND 4 BADASS TROOPERS IN A SINGLE WAVE?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!	0
Look, technically I love Borderlands 3 going to its death, but what I actually want to know something is WHICH IS MORON AT LA GEARBOX DESIGNED THE MALIWAN CIRCLE OF SLAUGHTER?! 10 HEAVIES AND 4 GA BADASS TROOPERS IN A Very SINGLE WHO WAVE?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!	0
Look, girls love Borderlands 3 to death, like what people care to know that WHICH MORON AT GEARBOX DESIGNED THE L ST OF SLAUGHTER?! 16 HEAVIES AND 5 BADASS TROOPERS IN THE SINGLE WAVE?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!	0
Yooooo this could be so bad ass!	1
Yooooo, that could be so bad!	1
Yooooo this could be so bad ass!	1
Yooooo he could be so bad ass!	1
Yooooo this could probably be looking so bad ass!	1
Yooooo this could be so thick ass!	1
There are tons and tons of quality of life improvements everywhere and it's so painful to see how the writing has taken such a massive hit and continues to disrespect both the characters of the Borderlands universe and the fans of said characters.	1
Everywhere there are huge improvements in the quality of life, and it is so painful to see how the writing has achieved such massive success and continues to disregard both the characters of the Borderlands universe and the fans of said characters.	1
There are tons and tons of improvements in the quality of life everywhere, and it is so painful to see how this work has become such a massive hit and continues to disrespect both the characters in the Borderlands universe and the fans of these characters.	1
There are tons and tons of quality of life improvements everywhere — it's so painful to see how this writing has taken such a massive hit and continues to disrespect both the balance of the Borderlands universe and the storytelling of said characters.	1
As There are tons and tons of poor quality of life for improvements just everywhere and today it's so painful to see how completely the writing machine has taken such a massive hit and continues to disrespect both just the characters of the Borderlands book universe and both the fans of said characters.	1
There are tons and tons other quality of life series everywhere and it's so painful to see how the writing has taken it a massive hit and continues to disrespect both the characters you the Borderlands fans of the fans of said series.	1
@Ki11ersix @dammit2h3ll @Borderlands Considering I was finishing up university, this is pretty ok for time but regardless, it's safe to say I enjoyed myself some Borderlands in 2019 lol pic.twitter.com/EPXvhmeLH1	1
@ Ki11ersix @ dammit2h3ll @ Borderlands Given that I graduated, that's pretty ok for the time being, but nevertheless it can be said with certainty that I enjoyed some Borderlands in 2019 lol pic.twitter.com / EPXvhmeLH1	1
@ Ki11ersix @ dammit2h3ll @ Borders Considering I was finishing up university, this is pretty ok for time, but certainly, it is safe to say I enjoyed some Borderlands in 2019 lol pic.fi / XvhmeLH1	1
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR Considering I was finishing up university, this is pretty ok for time but regardless, it's safe to say I enjoyed myself some Borderlands in 2019 lol pic.twitter.com/EPXvhmeLH1	1
Radio RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR Considering I was finishing up university, this is pretty ok for time but regardless, it's safe to say I enjoyed myself some Borderlands in 2019 lol pic.twitter.com/EPXvhmeLH1	1
to	1
I was playing Borderlands with my sister and it's so fun! I'm really bad at aiming tho .  I shouldn't play shooting games...	1
I played Borderlands with my sister and it is so much fun! I am really bad at aiming. I should not play shooting games...	1
I was playing Borderlands with my sister and it's so fun! I'm really bad at aiming tho. I should't play shooting games...	1
I was playing Borderlands with my DH and it's so fun! I'm really poor at aiming tho.  I shouldn't play shooting games...	1
I always was out playing Borderlands with that my sister... and it's so very fun! I'm just really not bad at aiming tho. I shouldn't play shooting games...	1
<unk> was playing Borderlands with my sister and it's great fun! I'm much better at aiming tho. I shouldn't be shooting games...	1
Borderlands 3 LEGENDARIES! Amazing Artifacts & Relics!!! (XBOX ONE) dlvr.it/RMTbL5  	1
Borderlands 3 LEGENDARIES! Amazing artifacts & relics!!! (XBOX ONE) dlvr.it / RMTbL5	1
Borderlands 3 LEGENDARS! Amazing Artifacts & Relics!! (XBOX ONE) dr.it / RMTbL5	1
Borderlands for LEGENDARIES! Amazing Artifacts & Others (XBOX EDITION) dlvr.it/RMTbL5	1
The Borderlands Volume 3 IS LEGENDARIES! The Amazing Historical Artifacts & Ancient Relics!!! ( XBOX ONE ) dlvr. to it / RMTbL5	1
My Dance LEGENDARIES! Amazing Online Music Resources (XBOX ONE) dlvr.it/RMTbL5	1
I am so fucking stupid time to have bad dreams	0
m so damn stupid time to have bad dreams	0
I am so fuck stupid time to have bad dreams	0
I had so fucking stupid time to have bad dreams	0
How I am so very fucking stupid time to have bad dreams	0
I am so fucking into time to have bad dreams	0
Ok, so for every major advancement I see in Borderlands 3 there's a minor annoyance. Not bad per se but just there are things I hate. Like the characterization of side characters.	0
Ok, so for every major advance I see in Borderlands 3, there's a little nuisance. Not bad per se, but there are just things I hate, like characterizing minor characters.	0
OK, so for every big promotion I see in Borderlands 3, there is a slight irritation. Not bad in itself, but there are things I hate.	0
Ok, so for every major change I see for Borderlands 3 there's a minor annoyance. Not bad ever se but just there are things I hate. Like the characterization of side characters.	0
Ok, so far for every major character advancement I see in Super Borderlands 3 there's a minor annoyance. Not bad per se but where just there up are some things I hate. Like the characterization level of side characters.	0
Ok, so for every major advancement to see in Borderlands 3 there's a minor annoyance. Not excessive per se but just there are areas I hate. Especially the characterization of character companions.	0
playing borderlands 2 again because i hate myself glad i kept it installed, its runs perfectly on my 8 year old mac just beautiful	1
to play Borderlands 2 again because I hate myself, glad I installed it, it works perfectly on my 8 year old Mac, just nice	1
playing borderlands 2 again because I hate myself glad I kept it installed, it works perfectly on my 8 year old poppy just beautifully	1
playing borderlands 2<unk> because i hate myself glad i kept it installed, its runs perfectly on my 8 year power mac just beautiful	1
playing borderlands 2 again because i truly hate myself so glad i kept it safely installed, its runs perfectly on my 8 7 year old baby mac just beautiful	1
playing version 2 again because i hate myself when i just it installed, its runs perfectly on my 8 year new mac just beautiful	1
@Borderlands I'm unable to access any forums so I figured I would try here. When I'm in Boarderlands 3 if I turn to the right so that characters who are speaking are on my left side I cant hear them at all. This is on PS4. Is there some where you can point me to, to fix this?	0
If I'm in Boarderlands 3, if I turn right so that the talking characters are on my left, I can't hear them at all. That's on the PS4. Is there anything you can point me to to fix this?	0
@ Borderlands I'm unable to access any forums so I figured I would try here. When I'm in Boarderlands 3 if I turn to the right so that characters who are on my left side I cant hear them at all. This is on PS4. Is there some where you can point me to, to fix this?	0
@Borderlands I'm unable to access any questions so j figured I would try here. When I'm in Boarderlands 3 if I turn to your middle so that characters who are speaking are on my left side I never hear NPCs at all. This is on PS4. Is there place where you can point me to, to fix this?	0
@Borderlands I'm totally unable now to access any forums so I figured I would try here. When I'm in Boarderlands PS 3 if I turn over to the right so that characters who are speaking are on my left side I maybe cant hear on them all at quite all. This is on PS4. Is there some where you both can point for me to, to fix this?	0
@Borderlands posts'm disconnected to access any forums so I figured I would try Link. When I'm in Boarderlands 3 if I turn to the right so that characters who know speaking are on my left side I barely hear conversation at all. This means probably PS4. Is there some where you still point me up, to fix this?	0
April 30 until now, for no apparent reason, BL3 just can't connect to SHiFT at all. What's going on here? I've submitted a ticket 2 days ago to Gearbox but still no respond. Please help. @Borderlands @SHiFTstatus @GearboxOfficial	0
So far, for no apparent reason, BL3 just can't connect to SHiFT. What's going on here? I sent a ticket to Gearbox 2 days ago, but still no answer. @ Borderlands @ SHiFTstatus @ GearboxOfficial	0
On April 30 so far, for no apparent reason, BL3 simply cannot connect to SHiFT at all. What's going on here? I submitted a ticket 2 days ago to the Gearbox, but still have no answer.	0
April 30 until now, for no apparent reason, BL3 just can't connect to SHiFT at all. What's going on please? I've submitted a ticket 2 days ago to help but still lack response. Please help. – @Borderlands @SHiFTstatus	0
April 30 on until December now, for no apparent reason, BL3 just can't connect to SHiFT at last all. What's going on through here? I've submitted a speeding ticket on 2 days now ago to Nissan Gearbox but still still no respond. Please help. @Borderlands @SHiFTstatus OR @GearboxOfficial	0
April or until September, and every apparent reason, BL3 just can't link to SHiFT at all. What's going on here? I've submitted a ticket 2 days ago to Gearbox but get no respond. No help. Gear 2 @Borderlands	0
I had a dream that Ava want in  	1
I had a dream that Ava wanted to fulfil	1
I had a dream that Ava would want to be in	1
I had a dream that Ava want<unk>	1
Now I had a dream that Ava want in	1
I had a dream that Ava fell in	1
YES ARIN!! SO HAPPY FOR YA	1
YES ARIN!! SO HAPPY FOR YA	1
YES ARIN!! So HAPPY FOR YA	1
YES ARIN!! SO HAPPY TO YA	1
YES ON ARIN!! ON SO THE HAPPY FOR YA	1
<unk> ARIN!! SO HAPPY FOR YA	1
Hee, yasss! Excellent snarly boy! < 333	1
Hee, yasss! < 333	1
Hehe-he, yass-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-	1
Hee, yasss! Excellent snarly boy! < 1	1
Hee, yasss! 60 Excellent snarly funny boy! < Episode 333	1
<unk>, yasss! Excellent snarly behavior! < 333	1
If a video game inside a video game crashes on you would you call it a videogamecrashception? I need to call Leo!.  . youtu.be/H9jUp8kt9wU	0
If a video game crashes on you in a video game, would you call it a video game crashception? I need to call Leo!.. youtu.be / H9jUp8kt9wU	0
If a video game inside a video game attacks you, would you call it a video game? I need to call Leo!.. youtu.be / H9jUp89wU	0
If a video game inside a video game crashes on how would just call it a videogamecrashception? I forgot to tell Leo!. . youtu.be/H9jUp8kt9wU	0
15 If a video arcade game inside a video game crashes on all you who would you call buying it a perfect videogamecrashception? I will need to call you Leo!.. youtu. will be / H9jUp8kt9wU	0
If a video game inside a games system crashes but you would you call it just videogamecrashception? I mean to call that!.. youtu.be/H9jUp8kt9wU	0
@DuvalMagic @Borderlands game doesn't register right sometimes, ammo Regen for More isn't always working properly and sometimes entire bullets don't register when I hit enemies :/ fix soon plssssss	0
@ DuvalMagic @ Borderlands game sometimes does not register properly, Ammo Rain for More does not always work properly and sometimes whole bullets do not register when I meet enemies: / fix soon plssss	0
@ DuvalMagic @ Borderlands game sometimes doesn't register correctly, Sea ammunition doesn't always work properly, and sometimes whole bullets don't register when I hit enemies: / fix soon plssssss	0
@DuvalMagic @Borderlands game doesn't register right sometimes, ammo Regen for More isn't always working efficiently and sometimes my bullets still count when I hit enemies :/ fix soon plssssss	0
When @DuvalMagic @Borderlands game hardware doesn't register you right way sometimes, ammo Regen for More Weapons isn't always working properly and most sometimes entire bullets don'at t register when I hit other enemies : / fix soon after plssssss	0
@DuvalMagic @Borderlands game does't register right sometimes, ammo Regen for More isn't kept working fast and sometimes and bullets don't glow when they hunt enemies :/ fix soon plssssss	0
So excited to go home and murder stuff via the medium of Borderlands 3. Some days you need a bit of a killing spree, y'know? Bless video games for keeping us all safe. https://t.co/spJeedHWKD	1
I'm so excited to go home and murder stuff via the medium Borderlands 3. Some days you need a bit of a murder frenzy, you know? Bless video games so we're all secure. https: / / t.co / spJeedHWKD	1
So excited to go home and kill things through Borderlands 3. Some days you need a bit of killer stud, y'know? Bless the video games in order to keep us all safe. https: / / Fenco / spJeedHWKD	1
So excited to go home and murder stuff from the medium of Borderlands 3. Some weekends you need a bit of a killing spree, y'know? Bless video can be keeping us all safe. https://t.co/spJeedHWKD]	1
So excited to go back home and murder stuff via the medium of Operation Borderlands 3. Some sunny days you need a bit of a serial killing spree, y'know? Bless their video games and for keeping... us all pretty safe. 15 https://t.co/spJeedHWKD ]	1
So excited about go home and murder vampires via the medium of Borderlands movie. Some days I need a masterpiece of a killing spree, y'know? Bless video store for keeping us all safe. https://t.co/spJeedHWKD]	1
Borderlands 3 Ps4 Legendary Anointed Cyro Infinity Pistol. Awesome Weapon. dlvr.it/RPL41M  	1
Borderlands 3 ps4 Legendary Anointed Cyro Infinity Pistol. Fantastic Weapon. dlvr.it / RPL41M	1
Borderlands 3 Ps4 Legendary Anoindary Cyro Infinity pistol.	1
Borderlands 3 Ps4 Legendary Anointed Cyro Infinity Spear. Standard Weapon. dlvr.it/RPL41M	1
Borderlands Phase 3 4 Ps4 That Legendary And Anointed King Cyro The Infinity Two Pistol. Awesome Weapon. dlvr. it / RPL41M	1
Borderlands 3 Ps4 the Anointed Fox 3 Pistol. That stuff. dlvr.it/RPL41M	1
Thanks to @2K for sending me an awesome Switch package with a ton of cool stuff inside for @bioshock, @XCOM and @Borderlands !. . twitch.tv/videos/6356682…	1
Thanks to @ 2K for sending me a great switch package with a lot of cool stuff for @ bioshock, @ XCOM and @ Borderlands!.. twitch.tv / videos / 6356682...	1
Thank you @ 2K for sending me a stunning Swift package with a ton of cool material inside for @ bioshock, @ XCOM and @ Borderlands!............................................................................................................................................	1
Thanks to RhandlerR for sending me an awesome Switch package with a ton of cool stuff inside for RhandlerR, RhandlerR and RhandlerR !. . twitch.tv/videos/6356682…	1
or Thanks to RhandlerR for sending me an awesome Switch package with a ton of cool stuff inside for RhandlerR, RhandlerR and RhandlerR !. . twitch.tv/videos/6356682…	1
and	1
All 3 of these are me! I wore Tannis and Handsome Jack from @Borderlands at  	1
All 3 are me! I contributed Tannis and Handsome Jack from @ Borderlands	1
I wore Tannis and Handsome Jack from @ Borderlands on	1
All 3 of these are me! I wore Tannis and Handsome Jack from...<unk>	1
All 3 of these are me! I even wore Tannis and Her Handsome Jack from THE @Borderlands at	1
and 3 of these killed me! I wore Tannis and Handsome Heart from @Borderlands at	1
I want to moan about how abysmal my loot drop rates have been since Mayhem 2.0 in @Borderlands , but realised it’s probably because, with the old Mayhem, it didn’t take me a full half an hour to whittle down a single enemy. That’s probably why it feels stingy @GearboxOfficial	0
I want to moan about how catastrophically my booty has fallen in @ Borderlands since Mayhem 2.0, but I realise it's probably because it didn't take me a full half hour to knock down a single enemy with the old Mayhem, which is probably why it feels stingy @ GearboxOfficial	0
I want to moan about how incredible the rate of decline has been since Mayhem 2.0 in @ Borderlands, but realized it's probably because with the old Mayhem, it didn't take me half an hour to destroy any enemy.	0
I want to whine about how abysmal my loot drop rates have been since Mayhem 2.0 in @Borderlands, but realised it’s probably because, since the old Mayhem, it will take anyone a full day an hour to whittle down a single item. That’s probably why it feels stingy now	0
I want only to moan about how abysmal my loot mine drop rates have been getting since Mayhem and 2. 0 in @Borderlands, but realised it ’ s too probably because, with the old friend Mayhem, already it didn won ’ t take me a full of half an hour to whittle clean down a single enemy. That ’ s probably why it feels stingy @GearboxOfficial	0
I want into moan about how lower my loot find rates have been since Mayhem hit.0 in @Borderlands, he realised it’s all because, with the old Mayhem, they always take me a day half on hour to whittle down a single enemy. That’s probably why it feels stingy @GearboxOfficial	0
@Borderlands Loving, Love, Love, and More Love, with the odd tentacle thrown in.  	1
@ Borderlands Loving, Love, Love, and More Love, with the strange tentacle in hand.	1
@ Borderlands Loving, Love, Love, and More Love, with the unique tentacle introduced in.	1
@Borderlands<unk>, Love, Love, and More Loving, with the odd tentacle thrown in.	1
@Borderlands Loving, Love, Love, More and More for Love, or with the odd floating tentacle thrown in.	1
@Borderlands Loving, and, Love, and More Love, after a odd tentacle thrown in.	1
After what happened with my Xbox scare yesterday, I decided to take my friends advice and uninstalled Borderlands 3 since it’s known to screw up Xbox’s. Which really sucks, I’ll just have to wait and get it on PS4 since there’s no issues with it over there.	0
After what happened to my Xbox yesterday, I decided to heed the advice of my friends and uninstall Borderlands 3, as it's known to screw up Xboxes. What's really annoying, I just have to wait and bring it to the PS4, because there's no problem with it there.	0
After what happened to my Xbox scare yesterday, I decided to take advice from my friends and removed Borderlands 3, as it is known to screw up Xbox. What really sucks, I'll just have to wait and get it on the PS4, as there's no problem with it there.	0
After what happened with the Xbox scare yesterday, I decided to take my friends advice and uninstalled Borderlands 3 where it’s known to screw up servers. Which really happens, I’ll just have ti wait and finish it on PS4 since there’s no issues with it over there.	0
After learning what happened tonight with my Xbox kill scare yesterday, I also decided to take up my friends to advice and uninstalled Borderlands 3 since it ’ of s known to screw up Xbox ’ s. Which really sucks, I ’ don ll just have to wait and get it on PS4 since evidently there ’ s no issues with it just over there.	0
After what happened with my Xbox scare over, I decided to take my friends advice and do Borderlands 3 since it’s easy to screw two Xbox’s. Neither really sucks, I’ll just have to wait and install it on PS4 or there’s no problem downloading it over there.	0
I wanna play Shooty McLootyguns with more people (Borderlands 3). Recently solo'd the Maliwan Takedown mission and Torgue's Slaughterhouse 3000 on Mayhem 3. Was some of the most intense and fun FPS gameplay I've had in years.	1
I want to play Shooty McLootyguns with more people (Borderlands 3). Recently I was on Mayhem 3 with the Maliwan Takedown mission and Torgue's Slaughterhouse 3000. It was one of the most intense and fun FPS gameplay I've had in years.	1
I wanna play Shooty McLootiguns with more people (Borderlands 3). Recently solo'd the Maliwan Takedown mission and Torgue's Slaughterhouse "on Mayhem 3.	1
I wanna play Shooty McLootyguns with more people (Borderlands 3). Recently solo'd the Maliwan Takedown mission & met Slaughterhouse 3000 on Mayhem Live. Was some of the most intense but fun FPS gameplay I've had some years.	1
I wanna play Shooty McLootyguns with no more people ( on Borderlands Campaign 3 ). Recently solo'and d the original Maliwan Takedown mission and Torgue'd s ship Slaughterhouse 3000 on Mayhem Eve 3. 2000 Was some of the most intense and fun FPS gameplay that I've had in years.	1
me wanna play Shooty McLootyguns by more people (Borderlands 3). I got'd the Maliwan Takedown Run and Torgue's Slaughterhouse 3000 on Mayhem 18. Was some of the genuinely intense emotional fun FPS gameplay I've had many years.	1
1. I like this music, pretty good for this and 2. DIE stupid flying robots! Borderlands 2  	1
1. I like this music, pretty good for it and 2. THE stupid flying robots! Borderlands 2	1
1. I like this music, very good for it and 2. Stupid flying robots!	1
1. I like this music, pretty good for ages and 2. The stupid flying robots! Borderlands 2	1
1. I like this good music, particularly pretty good songs for this and 2. DIE the stupid flying robots! Borderlands 2	1
1. I like dance music, pretty good for this and 2. those stupid flying cars! Borderlands 2	1
I liked the story in borderlands 3	1
I liked the story in Borderlands 3	1
I liked the story in the border areas 3	1
I liked the story in Part 3	1
I liked shooting the story in borderlands 3	1
I liked the story in borderlands from	1
I woke up today knowing that @XCOM 2, @bioshock and @Borderlands 2 the handsome collection were coming to Nintendo Switch and I was excited.. . tell me, are you excited?	1
I woke up today knowing that @ XCOM 2, @ bioshock and @ Borderlands 2, the pretty collection, were coming to Nintendo Switch and I was excited... tell me, are you excited?	1
I woke up today knowing that @ XCOM 2, @ bioshock and @ Borderlands 2 beautiful collection are coming to Nintendo Swift and I was excited... tell you, are you excited?	1
I woke up today knowing both @XCOM II, Mario and Zelda 2 the handsome collection were coming to Nintendo Switch and I was excited... tell me, are you excited?	1
Then I basically woke straight up today knowing now that @XCOM 2, @bioshock and @Borderlands and 2 the handsome collection you were finally coming over to Nintendo Switch and I was excited... oh tell me, are you excited?	1
I woke up today knowing that @XCOM 2, @bioshock because Daniel 2 the handsome prince were coming to our Switch and I was wondering... tell me, are the excited?	1
This is a fucking joke at this point when are they gonna implement an anti cheat? Fuck put @Battleeye1 in or somethin	0
That's a damn joke at this point, when are they going to introduce an anti-cheat? Fuck put @ Battleeye1 in or somethin	0
Is this a fucking joke at the moment, when are they going to introduce anti-cheating? Fuck put @ Battlee1 in or somethin	0
This is a fucking joke at this point when are they gonna implement this inflation cheat? Fuck put @Battleeye1 in or somethin	0
Like This is a fucking joke at this little point or when are they gonna implement an anti cheat? Fuck put that @Battleeye1 in or get somethin	0
This get a fucking joke at this day when are they gonna implement an identity cheat? Fuck put @Battleeye1 in here somethin	0
We're gonna continue where we left off, and play some more Borderlands The Presequel :D So far so good! twitch.tv/thelootqueen	1
We'll continue where we left off and play a few more Borderlands The Presequel: D So far so good! twitch.tv / thelootqueen	1
We're gonna continue where we stop off, and play some more Borderlands The Presequel: D So far so good! tch.tv / thelootqueen	1
We're gonna continue where we left off, and play some more Borderlands The Presequel :D So far so good! twitch.tv/thelootqueen	1
1 We're gonna continue where we left off, and play some more Borderlands The Presequel :D So far so good! twitch.tv/thelootqueen	1
at	1
My sona as a vault hunter. Borderlands will always be my all time favorite game series. pic.twitter.com/tMN63snnJE	1
My Sona as a vault hunter. Borderlands will always be my favourite game. pic.twitter.com / tMN63snnJE	1
My son is like a hacker. Borderlands will always be my favorite game series. pic.wikipedia.org / tMN63snnJE	1
My sona as a vault hunter. Borderlands will always be my all time favorite game series. pic.twitter.com/tMN63snnJE	1
Team My sona as a vault hunter. Borderlands will always be my all time favorite game series. pic.twitter.com/tMN63snnJE	1
by	1
Honestly I’m most excited about the Borderlands Collection for the  	1
Honestly, I'm most excited about the Borderlands Collection for the	1
Honestly, what I'm most excited about is that	1
Honestly I’m most excited for the Borderlands Collection for the	1
No Honestly I ’ m most excited about the Borderlands Collection for Halloween the	1
Honestly I’m so excited about the Borderlands Collection for this	1
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands . Am I seeing this shit correctly? Please tell me I’m not.... . I’M GETTING ATTACKED WHILE THE END CREDITS ARE ROLLING?!. . They ended and there were enemies all over! WHY IS THIS A THING?!.  	0
@ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands. Do I see this shit right? Please tell me it's not me.... I'm being attacked while the ENDCREDITES are rolling?!. They ended and there were enemies everywhere! WHY IS THIS THING?!.	0
@ GearboxOfficial @ Borderlands. Do I see this shit right? Please tell me I'm not.... I'm GETTING WHEN THE ROLFG CREDIT END?!. They're over and there were enemies everywhere! WHY IS THAT?!.	0
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands. Am we seeing this really correctly? Please reassure me I’m …. I’M GETTING ATTACKED WHILE THE END CREDITS ARE ROLLING?!.. They ended and there were four all together! WHY IS THIS A THING?!.	0
@GearboxOfficial @Borderlands. 10 Am I seeing to this shit correctly? Please tell me I ’ m not..... I GO ’ AT M GETTING ATTACKED WHO WHILE ON THE END CREDITS You ARE ROLLING?!.. They ended and there there were enemies all over! I WHY WHO IS THIS A THING?!.	0
of @GearboxOfficial. Am U seeing this picture correctly? My oh I why not..... I’M GETTING ATTACKED WHILE THE END CREDITS ARE ROLLING?!.. They ended and there when enemies took over! WHY IS THIS THIS THING?!.	0
Finally finished number one of my papers! It was a small one tho but anyways! Finished it;; time to go shower and then celebrate it with some Borderlands 3!! https://t.co/FwKL9lNYtQ	1
Finally finished number one of my papers! It was a small, but nevertheless! Done;; Time to shower and then celebrate it with a few Borderlands 3!! https: / / t.co / FwKL9lNYtQ	1
Finally finished it; time to go shower and then celebrate it with some Borderlands 3!! https: / / FwKL9lNYtQ	1
Finally finished number one of my papers! It was a small one tho but anyways! Guess it;; time to resume read and then celebrate it with some Borderlands 3!! https://t.co/FwKL9lNYtQ]	1
Finally Ryan finished number one of my other papers! It actually was a small one tho but important anyways! Finished in it ; ; enough time out to go shower and and then come celebrate it with some Borderlands 3!! https://t.co/FwKL9lNYtQ ]	1
Finally finished number 3 of my papers! It was really bad one tho but anyways! Finished it;; time to go shower and then celebrate here with our Borderlands Wars https://t.co/FwKL9lNYtQ]	1
Bounty of blood dlc for borderlands 3 is fun! Glad I stuck it out to finish tonight. Tomorrow... dlc  	1
Bounty of blood dlc for borderlands 3 is fun! Glad I made it tonight. Tomorrow... dlc	1
A huge amount of blood for Borderland 3 is fun!	1
Bounty of the dlc for borderlands 3 is fun! Glad I stuck it out for finish tonight. Tomorrow... dlc	1
the Bounty harvesting of blood to dlc for borderlands to 3 day is fun! Glad I got stuck it out to finish tonight. Tomorrow... dlc	1
Bounty Hunt blood dlc and borderlands 3 absolutely fantastic! so I stuck it out to finish tonight. Tomorrow... dlc	1
Hey check out Borderlands 3 new DLC: Psycho Krieg and the Fantastic Fustercluck! So happy to be able to work on this and be a part of the Gearbox family ;-; < 3 Super proud!	1
Hey look at Borderlands 3 new DLC: Psycho Krieg and the fantastic Fustercluck! So happy to work on it and to be a part of the gearbox family; -; < 3 Super proud!	1
Hey check out Borderlands 3 new DLC: Psycho Hebble and the Fustercluster! So happy to be able to work on this and be a part of the Gearbox family; -; D; 3 Super proud!	1
Hey check out Borderlands fun new DLC: Psycho Krieg and the Goblin Fustercluck! So happy to be able to work on this and be a part of it Gearbox family one-; < 3 Super proud!	1
Hey and check me out Borderlands 3 with new DLC : Iron Psycho General Krieg and the Mighty Fantastic Fustercluck! So happy to finally be able to work on this and be a part member of the Gearbox family ; - ; < 3 days Super Joe proud!	1
Hey check out Borderlands 3 new release: Psycho Fox and the Fantastic Fustercluck! Was happy to be awarded to work on first and be a piece of the Gearbox family ;-; Wild 3 Super proud!	1
I Downloaded the Kobold Lair the other day and it is amazing, @GnarledMonster ‘s work is definitely worth checking out.. I can’t wait to see what they do with the rest of the Keep on the Borderlands	1
I downloaded the Leprechaun Lair the other day and it's amazing, @ GnarledMonster's work is definitely worth a visit.. I can't wait to see what they do with the rest of Keep on the Borderlands.	1
I downloaded "old Lair" the other day and it's amazing, the work of @ GnarledFestival is definitely worth a look.. I can't wait to see what they do to the rest of "Hold on the Border"	1
I Downloaded Deep Kobold Lair one other day and it sounded amazing, @GnarledMonster ‘s work is definitely worth checking out.. I can’t wait to see what they do with the rest of the Keep on Dark Borderlands	1
... I Downloaded on the Last Kobold Lair the other previous day and though it is amazing, @GnarledMonster ‘ s work out is pretty definitely worth checking her out.. I can ’ t wait to see more what they do with the rest of the Keep on the Borderlands	1
I Downloaded the Kobold Lair the other Christmas and it was excellent, @GnarledMonster ‘s work was definitely worth checking out.. and can’t wait to see what they do with the rest of the monsters on the Mountain	1
Happy 4th of July!!!! Borderlands 3 Type of Night! twitch.tv/its_shadow2	1
Happy 4th of July!!!! Borderlands 3 kind of night! twitch.tv / its _ shadow2	1
С 4 июля!!!! Borderlands 3 Type of Night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Happy 4th of July!!!! Borderlands 3 Type of Night! twitch.tv/its_shadow2	1
as Happy 4th of July!!!! Borderlands 3 Type of Night! twitch.tv/its_shadow2	1
<unk>	1
so damm excited!! hope the @dammit2h3ll gets one soon! this and the legendary borderlands collection are gonna be amazing!	1
so fucking excited!! hopefully @ dammit2h3ll will get one soon! that and the legendary Borderlands collection will be fantastic!	1
so damm excited!! hope the @ dammit2h3ll gets one soon! this and the legendary borderlands collection are gonna be amazing!	1
so damm excited!! hope the @dammit2h3ll gets one soon! this and its legendary borderlands collection its gonna be amazing!	1
so please damm excited!! show hope the great @dammit2h3ll gets one soon! this film and the legendary borderlands collection are gonna be amazing!	1
so damm the finally the @dammit2h3ll gets going soon! this and the legendary borderlands collection is gonna be amazing!	1
Had some network issues but I'm back and were still killing everything!! twitch.tv/deitysflight @SmallStreamersR @Borderlands  	1
Had some network issues but I'm back and still killing it all!! twitch.tv / deitysflight @ SmallStreamersR @ Borderlands	1
There were problems with сетью, but I'm back and still killing everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Had some network issues but I'm back and were still killing everything!! twitch.tv/deitysflight RhandlerR RhandlerR  	1
on Had some network issues but I'm back and were still killing everything!! twitch.tv/deitysflight RhandlerR RhandlerR  	1
that	1
@2KSupport I have not been able to play borderlands 3 online for 5 days. I´ve the shift account correctly linked to steam,I´ve removed the shift account and created another one,game is 100% offline. I have opened a ticket in gearboxsoftwareshift but I don't get any answer.	0
@ 2KSupport I have not been able to play Borderlands 3 online for 5 days. I have correctly linked the shift account to steam, I have deleted the shift account and created another one, the game is 100% offline. I opened a ticket in the Gear Software Shift, but I do not get an answer.	0
@ 2KSupport I have not been able to play borderlands 3 online for 5 days. I've the shift account correctly linked to steam, I've removed the shift account and created another one, game is 100% offline. I have opened a ticket in gearboxsob wareshift but I do not get any answer.	0
@2KSupport I am not bene able ta play borderlands 3 game for 5 days. I´ve the shift account correctly linked to steam,I´ve cleared the shift account and created another one,game is 100% offline. I have opened a ticket in gearboxsoftwareshift but I cant get any answer.	0
Since @2KSupport I have not been able once to play borderlands 3 online for 5 consecutive days. Although I´ve the original shift account not correctly linked to steam, I´ve removed the shift account and created another one, The game is 100 % offline. I have opened a ticket counter in gearboxsoftwareshift but I eventually don't always get any answer.	0
@2KSupport also have not been able to run borderlands RPG online for 5 days. No ve the shift account correctly linked to steam,I ve removed the shift accounts and created another one,game is 100% offline. I have opened a ticket about gearboxsoftwareshift but can just't get any answer.	0
I got into  	1
I got in.	1
I got caught up in	1
I got paid	1
I slowly got into	1
I walk into	1
surprise i still love  	1
Surprise I still love	1
I still love it	1
surprise i still wonder	1
only surprise i still love	1
surprise i still read	1
@Borderlands Can we please fix the lag, audio issues, and crashes on PS4 after the update. It is VERY hard to play with 10 fps or less. Don't want this limited Cartel to run out and not be able to play properly. Also, MENUS! Fix the MENU LAG! Please!	0
@ Borderlands Can we please fix the delay, audio issues and crashes on the PS4 after the update? It is VERY difficult to play at 10 fps or less. Do you not want this limited cartel to expire and not be able to play properly.	0
@ Borderlands Can we please fix the B, audio issues, and crashes on PS4 after the update. It is OREY hard to play with 10 fps or less. Don't want this limited Cartel to run out and not be able to play properly. Also, MENUS! Fix the MENU LAG! Please!	0
@Borderlands Can we please fix the lag, audio issues, and crashes on PS4 after the video. It is VERY painful to travel with 10 fps no less. Don't want this limited Cartel players run out and not be able to play properly. Also, MENUS! Fix the MAP LAG! Please!	0
@Borderlands Can we please help fix the camera lag, audio issues, and crashes on PS4 after the update. It is VERY hard to play with 10 MP fps or slightly less. Don't always want this limited Cartel to run out and not quite be able fully to hold play properly. Also, MENUS! Please Fix the player MENU LAG! Please!	0
@Borderlands Can we please fix the lag, video issues, disc crashes from PS4 after the trailer. It is VERY hard and play with 10 fps or less. Would't want this Evil Cartel to run completely and not be able to play properly. Also, MENUS! Change the MENU LAG! Please!	0
These guys are probably my favorite Video Game characters:. Vega: Street Fighter. Rhys: Borderlands . Master Chief: Halo. Dante: Devil May Cry pic.twitter.com/CGx8GZEu2P	1
These guys are probably my favorite video game characters:. Vega: Street Fighter. Rhys: Borderlands. Master Chief: Halo. Dante: Devil May Cry pic.twitter.com / CGx8GZEu2P	1
These guys are probably my favorite video game characters:. Vegas: Street Fighter. Rhys: Borderlands. Master Chief: Halo. Dante: Devil May Cry pic.facebook.com / CGx8GZEu2P	1
These guys are probably my favorite Video Game characters:. Vega: Street Fighter. Rhys: Borderlands . Master Chief: Halo. Dante: Devil May Cry pic.twitter.com/CGx8GZEu2P	1
2008 These guys are probably my favorite Video Game characters:. Vega: Street Fighter. Rhys: Borderlands . Master Chief: Halo. Dante: Devil May Cry pic.twitter.com/CGx8GZEu2P	1
to	1
Full Offense If you bought Borderlands 3 fuck you . Stop giving the Greasy Magician money	0
Full Offense If you bought Borderlands 3, fuck. Stop giving money to the greasy wizard	0
Total insult If you bought Borderlands 3 fuck you.	0
Full Offense If you bought Borderlands 3 fuck you. Stop giving the Greasy Magician.	0
Full Circle Offense If ever you bought Borderlands 3 fuck you. Stop them giving the Greasy Mad Magician money	0
Full Offense If you loved Borderlands now fuck you. Stop giving Little Greasy Magician money	0
been mad inactive today lmao, borderlands 3 taking uo all my time today. 	1
crazy inactive today lmao, borderlands 3 take uo all my time today.	1
was madly inactive today lmao, borderlands 3 taking uo all my time today.	1
been mad inactive today lmao, borderlands 3 taking uo all my energy today.	1
been mad inactive today and lmao, borderlands 3 s taking uo all of my time today.	1
been mad inactive today lmao, plus 3 taking uo from my day today.	1
Thats kinda a greasy move. . 	0
It's kind of a greasy move.	0
Thats kinda a client move...	0
Thats kinda a crazy move..	0
Thats kinda is a super greasy move..	0
Thats kinda a scary move..	0
borderlands 3 is so good	1
borderlands 3 is so good	1
borderlands 3 is so good	1
borderlands defense is so good	1
borderlands Region 3 is so good	1
borderlands 3 is so great	1
I do wish @Borderlands would have given another way to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been a little easier for Moze to pull off. . . It may have made me more ibvested in bloody harvest, beyond getting a vindi ghast call	0
I wish @ Borderlands had given me another way to apply the terror to myself that would have made it a little easier for Moze to leave... I might have been more interested in the bloody harvest than getting a scary phone call.	0
I would very much like @ Borderlands to give me another way to deal with terror that Mose would be a little easier to pull off... Perhaps that would make me more obsessed with bloody violence than getting a Windy Day call.	0
I especially wish @Borderlands would of given some way to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been made little easier for Moze to pull off... It shall have made me more ibvested in bloody harvest, beyond getting a vindi ghast call	0
Well I myself do almost wish Master @Borderlands would have given another way than to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been a little much easier for Moze to pull off... It may have have made to me more ibvested in this bloody harvest, beyond getting a vindi ghast call	0
I do think babies would be provided another way to apply terror to yourself that wouod have been making little easier for kids to pull up... It should have made me more ibvested in one harvest, beyond getting a vindi ghast call	0
did we really play that many hours of borderlands...? it was really fun though!  	1
we really played so many hours of Borderland...? but it was really fun!	1
Did we really play so many hours in the border areas...? It was really fun though!	1
did we really play that many hours of borderlands...? everything was really fun though!	1
did we really play that many hours off of real borderlands...? it always was really fun stuff though!	1
did we really play and many hours of for...? it actually really fun though!	1
Borderlands 3 ps4 'Amazing Grace' and other Legendary revolvers! dlvr.it/RNNx2Z  	1
Borderlands 3 ps4 'Amazing Grace' and other legendary revolvers! dlvr.it / RNNx2Z	1
Borderlands 3 and 4 'Amazing Grace' and other Legendary! dur.it / RNNx2Z	1
Borderlands 2 ps4 'Amazing Grace' and other Legendary revolvers! ow.it/RNNx2Z	1
Borderlands for 3 × ps4'Most Amazing of Grace'and other 2 Legendary revolvers! dlvr. it / RNNx2Z	1
Borderlands by ps4 'Amazing Country' and its fantastic revolvers! dlvr.it/RNNx2Z	1
nice.  	1
Beautiful.	1
Nice.	1
nice.	1
Just nice.	1
and.	1
progressed a lot in borderlands 3 today!!!!!! thank you for watching everyone uwu. . thanks to TheUkrainianBard for the 3 month resub and momoiro kohi for the raid!!!!!!. . we'll continue borderlands 3 on monday	1
We have accomplished a lot in Borderlands 3 today!!!!!! Thanks for all of you watching uwu.. Thanks to TheUkrainianBard for the 3-month resumption and Momoiro kohi for the raid!!!!!!... we will continue Borderlands 3 on Monday.	1
Thanks TeodosianBard for 3 months of relapse and momoiro for the raid!!!!!!. we will continue Border 3 on Monday	1
progressed really lot in borderlands 3 just thank you for watching everyone else.. credit to TheUkrainianBard for the 3 month resub and momoiro kohi for the raid!!!!!!.. ll continue borderlands 3 on monday	1
progressed a good lot in borderlands 3 days today!!!!!! thank would you for watching everyone make uwu.. co thanks you to TheUkrainianBard for the 3 month we resub and momoiro kohi for the the raid!!!!!!.. we'the ll continue borderlands up 3 on monday	1
progressed a lot in area 31 today!!!!!! thank you for watching every uwu.. thanks you mum about full 2 month resub and momoiro kohi for full raid!!!!!!.. we'll continue borderlands 3 on monday	1
@Borderlands need help with my game. For some reason my character is lagging, no matter whose hose or solo and my game is up to date. And it's really frustrating any ideas would	0
@ Borderlands need help with my game. For some reason my character lags behind, no matter whose hose or solo and my game is up to date.	0
@ Borderlands needs help with my game. For some reason my character doesn't look like me, whether it's a song or a solo, and my game is relevant.	0
@Borderlands need help with my game. For some reason my character is lagging, no clue whose hose or solo and my game is up at scratch. And this really frustrating any ideas would	0
@Borderlands need some help with my game. 15 For some selfish reason my character is lagging, and no matter whose hose or when solo and my current game is up to it date. And it's really frustrating having any ideas would	0
@Borderlands need help with my game. For some folks my code is static, no matter whose hose or system and my game is down to date. And it's really frustrating any ideas a	0
the first borderlands game is actually so fucking bad it's almost unbearable, how did i actually used to think this was a decent game only like a year ago?	0
the first Borderlands game is actually so damn bad that it's almost unbearable, how did I think it was a decent game like it was a year ago?	0
The first borderline game is actually so fucking that it's almost impossible, like I thought it was a decent game, like a year ago?	0
the first borderlands game is really so fucking bad it's almost unbearable, how many i actually used to think this would a decent game only like a year ago?	0
the first borderlands tee game is actually so fucking awful bad it'r s almost like unbearable, how did the i actually used to think this was a semi decent game only about like a year ago?	0
the first the game is actually such fucking bad it's almost ridiculous, how did i remember used to think this were a decent game only like a year ago?	0
More Borderlands 3 I LOVE THE GUNNER CLASS! twitch.tv/thebeardwhispe…  	1
More Borderlands 3 I LOVE THE GUNNERCLASS! twitch.tv / thebart whispe...	1
More Borders 3 I LOVE THE GUNNER CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
More Borderlands 3 I LOVE THE GUNNER CLASS! twitch.tv/thebeardwhispe…  	1
YouTube More Borderlands 3 I LOVE THE GUNNER CLASS! twitch.tv/thebeardwhispe…  	1
my	1
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS GAME I CANT AFFORD YET TO DROP ON STEAM BC I LOVE BORDERLANDS SO MUCH	1
SO EXCLUDED FOR THIS GAME I CAN SUCCESS AFTER THE STEAM BC, I LOVE BORDERLAND SO MUCH	1
EXTENUATING CIRCUMSTANCES OF THIS GAME I CAN HAVE WITHOUT BORDERLANDS WITH MUST	1
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS GAME I CANT AFFORD YET TO DROP ON STEAM BC I LIKE EM REALLY MUCH	1
IM SO ME EXCITED FOR IN THIS GAME I IT CANT AFFORD TO YET GO TO ONE DROP ON STEAM BC I LOVE TO BORDERLANDS AT SO MA MUCH	1
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS and I am AFFORD NOT TO DROP ON STEAM AND MUST LOVE BORDERLANDS FOR MUCH	1
I'm  . . Twitch.tv/thecolorabi . . I also have a new overlay, start and BRB screens that @gr_tesque made and I worked my photoshop magic on!	1
I am.. Twitch.tv / thecolorabi.. I also have a new overlay, Start and BRB screens that @ gr _ tesque has made and on which I have worked my Photoshop magic!	1
I also have a new overlay, a starter screen and a BRB screen that @ gr _ tesque did and on which I worked all my focus magic!	1
I'm .. Twitch.tv/thecolorabi.. I also have a new overlay, color and BRB screens of @gr_tesque made and I perfected my photoshop magic tonight!	1
Tomorrow I'm.. Twitch. to tv / thecolorabi.. I also have designed a brand new overlay, start and finish BRB screens that my @gr_tesque made daily and I worked my photoshop magic up on!	1
and'm.. finishing.tv/thecolorabi.. I also have a different overlay, start and break screens that @gr_tesque made and I need an photoshop up on!	1
@Borderlands @GearboxOfficial @DuvalMagic @ProdigyXL . This doesn’t look right. At all. Why am I just noticing this now? Shouldn’t the payouts be better in M4? Or are these typos. pic.twitter.com/ZyFAPOihPy	0
@ Borderlands @ GearboxOfficial @ DuvalMagic @ ProdigyXL. That doesn't look right. At all. Why am I noticing this right now? Shouldn't the payouts in M4 be better? Or is it typos. pic.twitter.com / ZyFAPOihPy	0
@ Borderlands @ GearboxOfficial @ DuvalMagic @ ProdigyOfficial.	0
RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR . This doesn’t look right. At all. Why am I just noticing this now? Shouldn’t the payouts be better in M4? Or are these typos. pic.twitter.com/ZyFAPOihPy	0
R RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR . This doesn’t look right. At all. Why am I just noticing this now? Shouldn’t the payouts be better in M4? Or are these typos. pic.twitter.com/ZyFAPOihPy	0
who	0
Borderlands 3 Sucks : Here's Why (UPDATED 2020) youtu.be/oNBoVcEWovQ. . It's sadly true, even though I really likes the gameplay there's some serious problems in to story and drops	0
Borderlands 3 Sucks: Here's Why (UPDATED 2020) youtu.be / oNBoVcEWovQ.. Unfortunately, it's true, even though I really like the gameplay, there are some serious problems in the story and the crashes	0
Borderlands 3 Sucks: Here's Why (UPDATED 2020) youtu.be / oNBoVcEWovQ.	0
Borderlands 3 Sucks : Here's a (UPDATED 2020) screenshot.be/oNBoVcEWovQ.. It's sadly true, even though I really likes the gameplay ignoring some serious deficiencies in its story and drops	0
Borderlands at 3 Sucks : Here's Why ( UPDATED in 2020 ) youtu. be / oNBoVcEWovQ.. It'm s sadly not true, even though technically I really likes the gameplay there'z s some truly serious problems fitted in to both story and gameplay drops	0
Borderlands 3 Sucks : Here's it (UPDATED 2020) By.be/oNBoVcEWovQ.. Actually's sadly true, and though I really likes new gameplay there's 2 serious problems in many story book ending	0
Live-action Borderlands film is just a really long commercial advertisement for the borderlands game.	0
The live-action film Borderlands is just a really long commercial advertisement for the Borderlands game.	0
Live-action Borderlands film is just a really long commercial advertisement for the borderlands game.	0
Live-action Borderlands film is just a really long commercial advertisement for another borderlands game.	0
Live - action Borderlands film is just a truly really damn long commercial advertisement for the borderlands superhero game.	0
Live-action pirate film is just a really lame commercial advertisement for the borderlands game.	0
I had an amazing Borderlands 3 stream with you guys over at twitch.tv/mediocre_at_bst . Thank you!	1
I had an incredible Borderlands 3 stream with you on twitch.tv / mediocre _ at _ bst. Thank you!	1
I've had an amazing stream of Borderlands 3 with you guys at tch.tv / mediocre _ at _.	1
I had an amazing Borderlands 3 stream with you guys over at twitch.tv/mediocre_at_bst . Thank you!	1
FM I had an amazing Borderlands 3 stream with you guys over at twitch.tv/mediocre_at_bst . Thank you!	1
you	1
my second phase of rmo has started again today. i'm about lose my mind so imma restart playing Borderlands 2 -- sementara menanti kedatangan isketambola	1
my second phase of rmo has started again today. I am about to lose my mind, so imma start again to play Borderlands 2 -- sementara menanti kedatangan isketambola	1
my second phase of rmo has started again today. i'm about lose my mind so imma restart playing Borderlands 2 -- sementara menanti kedatangan isketambola	1
my second phase of rmo has finished running today. i'm about lose my mind so imma restart playing Borderlands 2 -- sementara menanti kedatangan :)	1
my second phase play of rmo has started again sometime today. i'm about completely lose my free mind just so they imma restart playing Borderlands 2 - - sementara na menanti kedatangan da isketambola	1
my second phase a rmo show started early today. i'm about lose my mind so imma just playing phase 2 -- sementara 5 kedatangan isketambola	1
This is the dumbest thing we've ever made.. @Borderlands @GearboxOfficial @MaxMittelman @2K_ANZ.  	0
This is the stupidest thing we've ever done.. @ Borderlands @ GearboxOfficial @ MaxMittelman @ 2K _ ANZ.	0
This is the stupidest thing we've ever done.. @ Borderlands @ GearboxOfficial @ Maximan @ 2K _ ANZ.	0
This is for dumbest thing anyone ever made.. @Borderlands @GearboxOfficial @MaxMittelman @2K_ANZ.	0
33 This is the dumbest ever thing we've really ever thought made.. @Borderlands as @GearboxOfficial @MaxMittelman in @2K_ANZ.	0
what is the horrible thing ever've ever made.. by @Borderlands @GearboxOfficial @MaxMittelman.	0
Not saying the older games arent flawed. . . Loot was terrible in older updates of BL2.. Terramorphous is a cheap and lazy raid boss compared to Cramulaux in Borderlands 1.	0
Not to say that the older games were flawed... loot was terrible in older updates of BL2.. Terramorph is a cheap and lazy boss compared to Cramulaux in Borderlands 1.	0
Not to mention that in the old versions of BL2 the lot was awful... Terramorphus is a cheap and lazy raid boss compared to Mulo in Borderlands 1.	0
Not saying the older games arent flawed... It was terrible in older updates of BL2.. Terramorphous is a lazy and lazy raid boss compared to stuff in Borderlands 2.	0
See Not saying all the older games arent flawed... Captain Loot was made terrible in older production updates of BL2.. Terramorphous is a cheap and lazy raid boss compared to time Cramulaux appeared in Dark Borderlands Vol 1.	0
Not saying the older versions arent flawed... Loot was terrible from older updates like BL2.. Terramorphous is really dumb and lazy raid boss compared to Cramulaux in Day 1.	0
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does he look like that this is not the beautiful disaster twink I love	0
I hate Borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does he look like this is not the beautiful pacifier I love	0
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does he look like that this is not the beautiful disaster twink I love	0
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does he look like that this is not this beautiful disaster that I love	0
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY heck does he almost look up like that this is probably not really the beautiful disaster twink I love	0
I HATE borderlands 3 Rhys WHY does this think like that this is not a beautiful disaster twink I love	0
Wow	1
Wow	1
Wow	1
Wow	1
Dear Wow	1
Wow	1
I FINALLY finished Borderlands 3! It's taken a while, but I'm so proud of myself. :D Now onto the Guns, Love, and Tentacles DLC, I'm so excited! I love Wainwright and Hammerlock so much and they make a great couple, so seeing them get married will be awesome!	1
It took a while, but I'm so proud of myself.: D Now to the Guns, Love, and Tentacles DLC, I'm so excited! I love Wainwright and Hammerlock so much and they're a great couple, so it'll be great to see them get married!	1
I finished Borderlands 3! It took a while but I'm so proud of myself.: D Now on Gentacles, Love and Tentacles DLC, I'm so excited! I love Wainwright and so much and they're a great couple, so to see them get married will be amazing!	1
I FINALLY finished Borderlands 3! It's taken a while, so I'm so proud of myself. With Looking onto the Guns, Weapons, and War DLC, I'm so excited! I love Wainwright and Hammerlock so much because they make a great couple, so seeing them get married will be awesome!	1
I FINALLY finished Borderlands 3! It's taken a while, but I'm still so proud of myself. : Sam D Now onto download the Guns, Love, and Tentacles DLC, I'm so really excited! I love Wainwright and Hammerlock so much immediately and feel they make a great couple, too so just seeing them get married now will be beyond awesome!	1
officially FINALLY finished Borderlands 10! It's taken a weekend, so I'm always proud of myself. :D Now onto the Guns, Love, and Tentacles DLC, I'm so excited! I love Wainwright and Hammerlock so hell and they make a great couple, plus seeing them get up will be awesome!	1
Just wanna say The borderlands handsome Jack collection is free for a week on the epic games store and it's to keep so all my PC gamers get that shit	1
I just want to say that the pretty Jack collection is available for free in the Borderlands for a week in the epic gaming shop, and it should be stored in such a way that all my PC players get this shit.	1
Just wanna say The borderlands handy Jack collection is free for a week on the epic games store and it's to keep so all my PC gamers get that shit	1
Just kidding plug The borderlands handsome Jack collection is free for a week on the epic games store and safe to keep so all my PC gamers get that shit	1
Just wanna say It The borderlands handsome Jack White collection is free for a second week on the little epic games betting store corner and it's to keep so all my PC gamers get that shit	1
be wanna say this borderlands handsome Jack collection is free about a week through the epic fantasy store and it's to keep so all my PC gamers get that shit	1
Omg so much fun with everyone & it's only Day 1!!! @Borderlands  	1
Omg so much fun with everyone & it's just day 1!!! @ Borderlands	1
Omg so much fun with everyone & it's only Day 1!!! @ Borderlands	1
Omg not much fun with everyone & it's only Day 1!!! @Borderlands	1
Do Omg with so much fun talking with everyone & it's your only Day 1!!! @Borderlands	1
Omg so big fun all everyone & it's only Day 1!!! @Borderlands	1
Saw an ad for the new borderlands dlc stuff and i just got sad again knowing fully well bl3 was so horribly mediocre I already miss BL2	0
I saw an advertisement for the new Borderlands dlc stuff and got sad again because I knew bl3 was so terribly mediocre that I miss BL2 already	0
Saw an ad for new borderline things and I just got upset again, knowing that totally good bl3 was so horribly mediocre that I already miss BL2	0
Saw an ad on the new borderlands dlc stuff and i just got sad again knowing fully though bl3 was so horribly mediocre I already loved BL2	0
Saw ran an ad for the new borderlands dlc s stuff and i just half got sad happy again knowing fully well bl3 was likely so horribly mediocre I might already miss the BL2	0
Saw an ad there the new decent dlc stuff and i just got bored again well fully well bl3 was so completely mediocre I already miss BL2	0
We're excited to be talking about some of the new things coming to Borderlands 3 during our PAX panel this Saturday!	1
We look forward to talking about some of the new things in Borderlands 3 this Saturday during our PAX panel!	1
We are pleased to announce some new features that will appear on Borderlands 3 during our PAX panel this Saturday!	1
We're excited to be talking about some of the new things coming from Borderlands 3 for our PAX panel this Saturday!	1
We'd re excited to be talking about out some of now the new things coming down to Borderlands 3 during after our PAX panel this Saturday!	1
We're excited to be talking about some of the best things coming to Borderlands 3 and our PAX panel last Saturday!	1
@Borderlands I can't Link my shift to my twitch account just wondering if you could look into that please	0
@ Borderlands I can't link my shift to my Twitch account and just wonder if you could check it out please	0
@ Borderlands I can't link my transition to my account, just wondering if you could look into it please	0
@Borderlands I can't Link my shift to this twitch account just wondering if you could look into changing please	0
Agent @Borderlands I can't get Link in my shift to my private twitch account just wondering if you could look into that please	0
@Borderlands I can't make my shift to my Account account just wondering if you could look like that please	0
finished borderlands 2 wtf do i now pic.twitter.com/jfJafNvazj	1
2 wtf do i now pic.twitter.com / jfJafNvazj	1
finished 2 wtf do i now pic.freedom.com / JafNvazj	1
finished borderlands 2 wtf do i now pic.twitter.com/jfJafNvazj	1
to finished borderlands 2 wtf do i now pic.twitter.com/jfJafNvazj	1
to	1
@2ksupport @Borderlands. Is there a fix for borderlands 3 crashing and turning my Xbox one X off? Can’t be healthy for the console. It’s happened 4 times in a row, try to launch the game and it’s crashes and lowers down.	0
@ 2ksupport @ Borderlands. Is there a solution to crashing Borderlands 3 and turning off my Xbox One X? Can't be healthy for the console. It's happened four times in a row, try to start the game and it crashes and sinks.	0
@ 2ksupport @ Borderlands. Is there a fix for borderlands 3 crashing and turning my Xbox one X off? Can't be healthy for the console. It's happened 4 times in a row, try to launch the game and it's crashes and lows down.	0
@2ksupport @Borderlands. Is there a reason for borderlands 3 crashing and turning my Xbox one X off? Would be mean for the console. It’s happened 4 times of each row, try to launch the game but it’s crashes and lowers down.	0
@2ksupport @Borderlands. Is there a fix for borderlands Episode 3 crashing and turning my Xbox Xbox with one X off? 7 Can ’ the t be more healthy for crashing the console. 1 It ’ s happened 4 times in a row, try to stay launch the game and ignore it ’ s crashes and lowers down.	0
@2ksupport @Borderlands. Is there a reason for borderlands 2 crashing while turning my Xbox one or off? Can’t be healthy for the review. It’s tested 4 times in a week, try to launch this game but it’s crashes and lowers down.	0
disturbing.. . i was looking forward to borderlands joining bt and the booksmith on haight.	1
Disturbing... I was looking forward to the border countries coming to haight and the bookseller coming to haight.	1
I was looking forward to being joined by the Border Force and the Boots on the oval.	1
disturbing... i was first set to borderlands joining bt and the booksmith on haight.	1
Absolutely disturbing... i was looking forward to borderlands people joining bt the and had the booksmith on haight.	1
<unk>... i was looking forward to borderlands from bt and the booksmith on this.	1
This is why I did not buy borderlands 3. Randy Pitchford is  fucking scum.	0
That's why I didn't buy Borderlands 3. Randy Pitchford is damn scum.	0
That's why I didn't buy Borders 3. Randy Pitchford is a fucking scum.	0
This is why I did not buy borderlands ammo. Randy Pitchford is  fucking awesome.	0
This is certainly why I did me not buy borderlands 3. 2 Randy Pitchford is a fucking scum.	0
This are why I could not buy borderlands movies. Randy Pitchford is fucking scum.	0
Wow, Borderlands the presequeal was 2014 and I still haven't played it	1
Wow, Borderlands was 2014 and I still haven't played it	1
Wow, Borderlands the preequeal was 2014 and I still haven't played it	1
Wow, Borderlands the Dead was 2014 and I still haven't played it	1
Wow, Borderlands in the band presequeal was 2014 and I still technically haven't played it	1
Wow, totally the presequeal was 2014 yet I still haven't played that	1
Super fun game, would highly HIGHLY recommend it. And it’s literally free right now, so what reason do you have to not try it? Of course, I’d recommend playing the others Borderlands games before this one for story purposes, but it won’t be free forever so go get it anyway.	1
And it's literally free at the moment, so what reason do you have not to try it? Of course I would recommend to play the other Borderlands games before this game for storytelling purposes, but it won't be free forever, so get it anyway.	1
Super fun game, would highly recommend it. And it's literally free right now, so what do you have to not try it? Of course, I'd recommend the others Borderlands games before this one for story purposes, but it won't be free forever, so go get it anyway.	1
Super fun games, would highly HIGHLY recommend it. But it’s literally free right now, so what reason do ya have to no try it? Of course, I’d recommend playing the others Borderlands games before either one for story purposes, but it won’t be free forever so go get it now.	1
Super fun game, would highly HIGHLY recommend putting it. And it ’ s literally free right now, so what reason do you all have to not really try it? Of course, and I ’ d recommend you playing the near others in Borderlands games long before this one for story purposes, but it won ’ t likely be free forever so go get it going anyway.	1
Super fun game, would highly HIGHLY recommend it. And is literally free right now, so what reason can others have to not try it? Not course, I’d recommend playing the others Borderlands games before my one for story purposes, and these won’t be free forever so go try mine anyway.	1
For more then 3 weeks now 2k uk hasnt drawn a winner for their borderlands 3 collector edition giveaway. I mean I think thats funny that companies can just do fake giveaways and not be called out on it. youtube.com/watch?v=-HUh50…	0
For more than 3 weeks, 2k uk has not drawn a winner for its Borderlands 3 Collector Edition sweepstakes. I mean, I think it's funny that companies can just make fake freebies and not be viewed. youtube.com / watch? v = -HUh50...	0
I mean, it's ridiculous that companies can just make fake gifts and not be called out on it. youtube.com / watch? v = -HUh50...	0
For more then 3 weeks now 2k uk hasnt posted a winner for their borderlands 3 collector edition giveaway. I mean I think thats silly that companies may just do fake giveaways and not be shut out on racism. youtube.com/watch?v=-HUh50…	0
For more then 3 weeks now 2k uk still hasnt drawn a winner for buying their borderlands 3 collector kit edition false giveaway. I mean I think well thats funny that companies can just so do fake giveaways and not have be called out on it. at youtube. com / watch? baby v = - HUh50 0 …	0
For more then 3 weeks over 2k uk been drawn a winner for their borderlands 3 collector gift review. I thought I think thats funny which companies can really do fake giveaways and not be called out doing it. review.com/watch?v=-HUh50...	0
I forgot how great it feels to play Borderlands. MAN I love this franchise. How have I gone literal months without playing?	1
I forgot how great it feels to play Borderlands.	1
I forgot how great it is to play Borderlands. MAN I love this franchise.	1
I forgot pretty great it feels to play Borderlands. MAN I love this franchise. How have I gone literal months missed playing?	1
I once forgot once how great it truly feels to play Borderlands. MAN I love this franchise. How have I finally gone literal months without any playing?	1
almost forgot how great it feels to play Borderlands. MAN I love this franchise. How have I spent 9 months on playing?	1
This is definitely an interesting casting choice! Don't get me wrong, I love Cate Blanchett but for Lilith? It seems a little off, I'm hoping I get proved wrong though 🤞	1
This is definitely an interesting casting choice! Don't get me wrong, I love Cate Blanchett, but for Lilith?	1
This is certainly an interesting casting choice! Don't get me wrong, I love Cate Blanchett, but for Lilit?	1
This.. definitely an interesting casting choice! Don't get me wrong, who love Cate Blanchett casting for Randall? It seems a little off, I'm hoping I get proved wrong though 🤞	1
OK This is just definitely an interesting casting choice! Don't get to me wrong, I still love director Cate Blanchett but for... Lilith? It seems a little farther off, I'm hoping I will get proved wrong though [UNK]	1
This is would end up casting choice! Take't get me wrong, 100% love Cate Blanchett but for Lilith? It seems a bit off, I'm hoping I get proved wrong though <unk>	1
Digital Foundry is mostdef full of shit.. borderlands 3 pc system requirements and recommended are considerably PC hardware garbage.. 7+ years.	0
Digital Foundry is almost full of shit.. borderlands 3 PC system requirements and recommended to garbage considerably PC hardware.. 7 + years.	0
Digital Foundry is a mostdef full of shit.. borderlands 3 pc system requirements and recommended are carefully PC hardware garage.. 7 + years.	0
Digital work is mostdef full of shit.. borderlands 3 pc system requirements and recommended are considerably PC driven garbage.. 7+ years.	0
The Digital Foundry is mostdef full of financial shit.. borderlands 3 pc system requirements and recommended upgrades are now considerably easier PC Engine hardware garbage.. 7 + years.	0
Digital Foundry is mostdef full complete shit.. NO 3 pc system requirements and they are considerably worse hardware garbage.. 7+ years.	0
This is pretty freakin rad!	1
That's pretty freakin "rad!	1
This is pretty freakin rad!	1
This is just freakin rad!	1
This is a pretty freakin rad!	1
This is SO freakin rad!	1
I’ve been playing Borderlands 3 with my good headphones on and it is so immersive, for hours I forgot about everything going on. https://t.co/m63ZX8JpQ3	1
I played Borderlands 3 with my good headphones and it's so immersive I spent hours forgetting everything that was going. https: / / t.co / m63ZX8JpQ3	1
I've been playing Borderlands 3 with my good headphones on and it is so immersive, for hours I forgot about everything going on. https: / / Fenco / m63ZX8JpQ3	1
I’ve been playing Borderlands 3 and my good ie on and it is so immersive, for hours I forgot about everything earlier on. https://t.co/m63ZX8JpQ3]	1
I I ’ ve been playing Borderlands 3 times with some my good headphones on and it is so immersive, so for hours I literally forgot stuff about everything going on. 2011 https://t.co/m63ZX8JpQ3 ]	1
recently been playing Act 3 with five good headphones on and it is so immersive, for hours I forgot everything is going on. https://t.co/m63ZX8JpQ3]	1
Playing Borderlands 3 on PC again reminds me just how damn fun the game is. I miss it . 	1
Playing Borderlands 3 on the PC again reminds me how much fun the game is. I miss it.	1
Playing Borderlands 3 on PC again reminds me just how damn fun is the game. I miss it.	1
Playing Borderlands 3 on PC again reminds us just how damn fun playing game is. I miss it.	1
Playing Borderlands 3 on her PC again somehow reminds me just how damn fun the game here is. I only miss it.	1
Playing the 3 on PC again reminds me strongly how much fun the game is. I miss it.	1
@DuvalMagic why tf can I only free Krieg but not release him!? Plz   Someone at @GearboxOfficial someone with @Borderlands plz help. I can’t figure this out and it’s driving me INSANE!!!!	0
@ DuvalMagic why tf can I just free war but not release it!? Plz Someone at @ GearboxOfficial help someone with @ Borderlands plz. I can't figure this out and it drives me to INSANE!!!!	0
@ DuvalMagic why tf can I only free Hebble but not release him!? Plz Someone at @ GearboxOfficial someone with @ Borderlands plz help. I can't figure this out and it's driving me INSANE!!!!	0
@DuvalMagic why tf am I only free Krieg but not release him!? Plz   Please fucking hand someone with @GearboxOfficial plz help. I can’t figure this out and it’s driving u INSANE!!!!	0
Why @DuvalMagic why e tf can and I only simply free The Krieg but not otherwise release him!? Plz Someone at @GearboxOfficial someone with @Borderlands plz help. I still can ’ t figure this out and it... ’ s obviously driving towards me INSANE!!!!	0
@DuvalMagic why tf can I only free John but not release him!? Plz Someone at @GearboxOfficial to give me plz help. Sam can’t figure everything out and it’s driving people sick	0
Man when Borderlands 3 came out I though "eh its nowhere near as good as Borderlands 2, and the music isn't nearly as good". I was a naive fool i love this game so much	1
Man when Borderlands 3 came out I though "eh it never nearly as good as Borderlands 2, and the music is not nearly as good." I was a naive fool, I love this game so much.	1
Man when Borderlands 3 came out I though "eh its nowhere near as good as Borderlands 2, and the music is not nearly as good." I was a naive fool i love this game so much	1
Man when Borderlands 3 came out I though "eh thats nowhere near as great as Borderlands 2, and the music isn't nearly as good". I was a naive fool i hate this game so much	1
Man when Borderlands 3 came out I though " eh its in nowhere close near as... good as Borderlands 2, and the music isn't really nearly as good ". I was such a naive fool i could love this game of so much much	1
back when Borderlands 3 came out I though "eh its nowhere near the good as Borderlands 2, and the storyline isn't nearly as fun". I was a naive person i love this game so my	1
Vaughn Borderlands you deserve the world!!!	1
Vaughn Borderlands You deserve the world!!!	1
Von Borderlands you deserve the world!!!	1
Vaughn Borderlands you deserve the world!!!	1
Vaughn... Borderlands you do deserve the world!!!	1
Vaughn Borderlands still deserve the world!!!	1
nice .  First round first nuke . . @charlieINTEL. @CallofDutyDE  	0
Nice. First round first nuke.. @ charlieINTEL. @ CallofDutyEN	0
First round first nuclear... @ charlingINTEL. @ CfDutyDE	0
nice try  First round first nuke.. @charlieINTEL. @CallofDutyDE	0
nice. First real round first base nuke.. @charlieINTEL.... @CallofDutyDE	0
nice. First big bear nuke.. funny. @charlieINTEL	0
this was pretty cool to watch this unfold! check it out!!!!	1
that was pretty cool to watch! check it out!!!!	1
this was pretty cool to watch this unfold! check it out!!!	1
this was pretty cool too watch this unfold! check it out!!!!	1
this one was really pretty cool to watch everything this unfold! check it out!!!!	1
this really pretty cool to watch this unfold! check it out!!!!	1
SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS . 	0
SO HAPPY FOR THAT.	0
So HAPPY ABOUT THIS.	0
SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS RELEASE	0
SO I HAPPY WHO ABOUT THIS.	0
Y HAPPY ABOUT THIS.	0
I’m happy with this change. Games have a beginning, middle and end. . . It’s all about flow. You should have to keep momentum to streak a second time, not depend on streaks to get you more streaks...	1
Games have a beginning, a middle and an end... It's all about flow. You have to keep the momentum going to catch up a second time and not have to rely on streaks to get more streaks...	1
I'm happy with this change. Games have a beginning, a middle and an end... It's all about flow. You have to keep the momentum to strip a second time, not depend on stripes to get more stripes...	1
I’m happy with this change. Games have a beginning, middle and end... It’s mainly about tradition. You should have you keep momentum this streak a long time, not depend on streaks to get you more streaks...	1
I ’ m happy with this change. Games have just a beginning, its middle and end... It ’ all s also all about flow. You should probably have managed to keep enough momentum to streak a second each time, not depend purely on streaks to even get you more streaks...	1
I’m familiar with that one. Games has a beginning, almost no end... It’s all about flow. You should have to have momentum to streak through second time, not depend on streaks to get you more streaks...	1
lil disappointed	0
lil disappointed	0
lil disappointed	0
lil pa	0
lil I disappointed	0
lil love	0
This is ridiculous. I was on the fence, but this is just poorly optimized and they KEEP doing it. Imma pass on this one.	0
This is ridiculous. I was on the fence, but it is poorly optimized and they KEEP it. Imma passes it on.	0
It's funny. I was on the fence, but it's just the beginning, and they're doing it.	0
This is ridiculous. I was on a fence, but this is fucking poorly optimized and they KEEP doing it. Imma pass on another one.	0
This shit is getting ridiculous. I was on the fence, okay but this is usually just poorly optimized and they KEEP doing it. Imma pass on by this last one.	0
This is that. I was on the panel, but this is just not done and they KEEP doing it. Imma pass on this one.	0
In this environment its impressive they put that footage in to begin with.	1
In this environment, it is impressive that they built this footage into the film at the beginning.	1
In this environment, they were impressed by the footage.	1
In this environment how impressive they put that footage in to begin with.	1
... In how this environment its impressive they put that footage in to begin with.	1
with this environment its impressive they put that footage on to begin with.	1
As expected and reported months ago, it seems like  	1
As expected and reported months ago, it looks as if	1
As expected and reported a few months ago, it seems that	1
As expected and six months ago, it seems like	1
As expected on and reported nineteen months ago, it seems like	1
As expected and many months ago, it seems like	1
I couldn’t imagine waking up everyday just to look for something to complain about	0
I couldn't imagine waking up every day just looking for something to complain about.	0
I could not imagine waking up every day just to find something to complain about	0
I couldn’t imagine waking up everyday unable to look for something to complain about	0
I couldn and ’ t imagine waking someone up everyday just to look for just something to complain about	0
I couldn’t imagine waking up yesterday just to pray for something to complain about	0
This sounds like a really good recurring dream I have.	1
It sounds like a really good recurring dream I have.	1
It sounds like a very good dream that I have.	1
This sounds like a really good recurring dream we have.	1
This sounds like a maybe really good recurring spring dream I have.	1
This sounds like a really good recurring dream to have.	1
Time to get used to Black Ops controls again come hang and have a good time. twitch.tv/thejkellz1.  	1
The time to get used to the Black Ops controls has come to hang out and have a good time. twitch.tv / thejkellz1.	1
Time to get used to running Black Ops again has come to hang up and have a good time. tch.tv / thejkellz1.	1
Time to get used to Black Ops controls again come hang and have a good time. twitch.tv/thejkellz1.  	1
and Time to get used to Black Ops controls again come hang and have a good time. twitch.tv/thejkellz1.  	1
all	1
Black ops cold war looks boring imo, ima stick to mw for the next year.	0
Black ops Cold War looks boring imo, ima stick to mw for next year.	0
Black ops cold war looks boring imo, ima stick to mw for the next year.	0
Black and cold war looks boring imo, ima stick to Libya for the next year.	0
Black Belt ops cold war looks boring imo, ima stick to your mw for the next next year.	0
blue ops cold war looks boring imo, ima stick for mw for the coming year.	0
IM SO EXCITED	1
IN THE SO EXCELLENT	1
Disappearing from the face of the earth	1
IM<unk> EXCITED	1
O IM SO EXCITED	1
IM YOU EXCITED	1
 .  .  	0
	0
...	0
. <unk>	0
..	0
..	0
Omg . 	0
Omg.	0
Omg.	0
Omg<unk>	0
1st Omg.	0
<unk>.	0
About fucking time. This is what people want to see, not fucking papers from a website and bullshit in game easter eggs.	0
About damn time. That's what people want to see, not damn papers from a website and bullshit in Easter eggs.	0
This is what people want to see, not fucking papers from the website and bullshit in caviar.	0
About launch time. This is what people want to see, not fucking papers from a website featuring bullshit in game easter eggs.	0
About fucking time. This is... what people want everyone to really see, not fucking papers downloaded from a website and bullshit in the game easter eggs.	0
About fucking computers. This is when people want to see, ridiculous fucking papers from a website and bullshit in game easter eggs.	0
No please no	0
No please no	0
No, please no.	0
No, no	0
No NO please no	0
mean please no	0
The new @CallofDuty  	1
The new @ CallofDuty	1
New @ CfDuty	1
The Definitive @CallofDuty	1
C The new @CallofDuty	1
The Meat @CallofDuty	1
Just got to 155 for the sixth time... yay am so excited... please @Treyarch add some kind of prestige mode for black ops cold war I don't want to go through another year of seasonal ranks it's so dull	0
Just reached 155 for the sixth time... yay am so excited... please add @ Treyarch some kind of prestige mode for Black Ops Cold War I don't want to go through another year of seasonal leaderboards, it's so boring	0
Just got to 155 for the sixth time... yay I'm so excited... please @ Treyarch add some regime for black Cold War PR I don't want to go through another year of rank it's so boring	0
Just got in 155 for the sixth time... yay am so excited... let @Treyarch prepare some kind of prestige mode for black ops cold war I don't want to go with another year of seasonal ranks it's so dull	0
Just got up to 155 million for the sixth time... Oh yay am you so excited... please @Treyarch add some kind 1 of prestige user mode for the black ops during cold war I don't bloody want to go through another year worth of seasonal ranks it's so dull	0
Just got to 155 for the sixth time... yay am so pretty... please @Treyarch add some up some prestige mode for black ops cold war me just't want to go through another year of useless ranks something's so incredible	0
Jet packs in a “cold war” setting makes so much sense i love it	1
Jetpacks in a Cold War environment make so much sense that I love it	1
Cold War jet packs have such meaning that I love them	1
Jet packs in a “cold war” setting makes so much sense we love it	1
Jet packs away in a “ cold war zone ” setting makes so much sense that i love it	1
Jet packs in a “cold dark setting makes so much sense i love that	1
Aye I’m gonna keep it a buck....Cold war is the most fun I’ve had on a CoD title since Black ops 3. It’s amazing, I love this shit	1
Aye, I'll keep it up.... Cold War is the biggest fun I've had working on a CoD title since Black Ops 3. It's amazing, I love this shit	1
Aye I'm gonna keep it a buck.... Cold war is the most fun I've had on a CoD title since Black ops 3. It's amazing, I love this shit	1
Aye I’m gonna keep it here slow war is the most fun I’ve had on a CoD title is Black ops 3. It’s amazing, I do this shit	1
Aye much I ’ ′ m gonna keep it a buck.... Cold war war is the fifth most fun course I ’ ve had on a CoD title subject since Black ops 3. Wow It ’ s truly amazing, I love this shit	1
Aye I’m gonna see it quick buck....Cold war is the most fun I’ve had on a second title overall Black ops 2011. So amazing, I love this shit	1
Gonna be ass	0
Will be an ass	0
Gonna be ass	0
Gonna be long	0
Gonna fucking be ass	0
Gonna be The	0
For anyone jumping into this Beta weekend, I have the absolute best sniping class setups for both the Tundra and the Pellington.. . Let me know what you think!.  . . youtu.be/qpPpt561DvE https://t.co/eNdBqoxPuA	1
For all those participating in this beta weekend, I have the absolute best Sniping Class setups for both the Tundra and the Pellington... Let me know what you think!... youtu.be / qpPt561DvE https: / / t.co / eNdBqoxPuA	1
For anyone jumping into this Beta weekend, I have the absolutely best sniping class setups for both the Tundra and the Pellington... Let me know what you think!... youtu.be / qpPpt561DvE https: / / Fenco / eNdBqoxPuA	1
For anyone jumping into this Beta package, I have my 10 best pro class setups for both the Tundra and the Pellington... Let me know who you think!. .. youtu.be/qpPpt561DvE https://t.co/eNdBqoxPuA]	1
For anyone jumping themselves into this Beta weekend, surely I can have the absolute best sniping class setups here for both the Plymouth Tundra and also the Ford Pellington... 10 Let for me know what you think!... youtu. be / 1 qpPpt561DvE https://t.co/eNdBqoxPuA ]	1
this anyone booked into DVD Beta weekend, gonna have the absolute best sniping class setups for combining this Tundra and the Pellington... letting me guess what you guys!... youtu.be/qpPpt561DvE https://t.co/eNdBqoxPuA]	1
Awesome!	1
Awesome!	1
Aha!	1
Awesome!	1
So Awesome!	1
<unk>!	1
Not too confident about this st all smh	0
Not overly confident on this issue	0
Not too sure about it all xx	0
Not too confident about this st all.)	0
Not too stupid confident going about this st all smh	0
Not too confident in this st all smh	0
Sniping is honestly the most fun part of  . Video of my Alpha Weekend antics will be up when I get the time to piece it all together	1
Sniping is honestly the funniest part. There will be video of my Alpha Weekend antics when I have time to put it all together	1
To be honest, sniffing is the funniest part. The video of my dystopia will be finished when I take the time to put it all together.	1
Sniping is honestly the most fun game of . Video of my Alpha Weekend antics finally be up when I find the time to piece it all together	1
Sniping is honestly not the most fun every part of. One Video of all my Alpha Quest Weekend antics will be up when I get the time tonight to piece it all together	1
Sniping is honestly the most brutal part of. Video on my Alpha Weekend antics will add up when I get the time to piece it all out	1
This is just embarrassing now.	0
It's just embarrassing now.	0
Right now, it's just embarrassing.	0
This is just embarrassing stuff.	0
That This is just embarrassing now.	0
This is really embarrassing now.	0
Call Of Duty: Black Ops Cold War beta cheats are ruining crossplay gamblerss.com/news/70025/cal…	0
Call Of Duty: Black Ops beta scammers from the Cold War ruin Crossplay gamblerss.com / news / 70025 / cal...	0
Call Of Duty: Black Ops Cold War beta cheats are rubblay crosslay gambass.com / news / 70025 / cal...	0
Call Of Cthulhu: Black Ops Cold War beta cheats are ruining their gamblerss.com/news/70025/cal…	0
Call Of Normal Duty : Black market Ops Cold War War beta cheats That are ruining crossplay in gamblerss. com / news / 2012 70025 / cal …	0
Call on Duty: Black Ops Cold War movie cheats are ruining everything between.com/news/70025/cal...	0
"This is gonna be my year"	1
"This will be my year"	1
"This will be my year"	1
"This is gonna make my year"	1
" Because This is gonna be my year "	1
"This are gonna be my year"	1
Heard about the New COD Black Ops Cold War rumor. Would be nice to see Woods and Mason again.	1
Heard about the new COD Black Ops Cold War rumor. Would be nice to see Woods and Mason again.	1
It would be nice to see Woods and Mason again.	1
Heard on the New COD Black Ops Cold War rumor. Will be nice to see Woods and Mason again.	1
Heard about the New COD that Black Ops Cold War rumor.... Would be freaking nice to ever see Woods and Mason again.	1
cared about the New England Black Ops Cold War rumor. Would be nice<unk> see Woods and Mason again.	1
this video just brought back hella good memories	1
This video has brought back only hella good memories	1
This video has only brought back good memories for Halle	1
this video just brought back hella some memories	1
this video just lately brought back hella good memories	1
this video just brought back new good memories	1
@ATVIAssist After I preordered black ops cold war modern warfare wont let me access the store anymore.it just skips right over the store tab.	0
@ ATVIAssist After pre-ordering Cold War Black Ops, modern warfare no longer allowed me to access the store.	0
@ ATVIAssist After pre-ordering Cold War-era black ops, modern war won't allow me to enter the store anytime.	0
@ATVIAssist After I preordered black ops cold brew modern warfare wont Help me navigate the store anymore.it just skips right over the store tab.	0
@ATVIAssist After I played preordered little black ops cold dog war modern warfare wont let much me access the grocery store anymore. Mostly it just skips right over the store sales tab.	0
Store After I shot black ops cold war modern warfare why let me access the store anymore.it is said right over the store tab.	0
NEW VIDEO:. . a quick easy stupid cod trailer edit. . youtu.be/B6rI2_9gIWA. .  	0
NEW VIDEO:.. a quick simple stupid cod trailer edit.. youtu.be / B6rI2 _ 9gIWA..	0
NEW VIDEO:. a quick easy stupid trailer edit.. youtu.be / B6rI2 _ 9gIWA..	0
NEW VIDEO:. with a great easy stupid cod ex edit.. youtu.be/B6rI2_9gIWA..	0
THE NEW VIDEO :.. a just quick so easy it stupid cod trailer and edit.. youtu. I be / 1 B6rI2 _ 9gIWA..	0
NEW TO:.. really really easy download cod trailer edit.. as.be/B6rI2_9gIWA..	0
black ops cold war doesn’t feel good	0
Black Ops Cold War doesn't feel good	0
Anti-Cold War Blacks Don't Feel Good	0
black ops cold turkey doesn’t feel good	0
black space ops cold war doesn ’ t feel too good	0
black ops cold war doesn’t feel the	0
BO1 is top 3 of all time	0
BO1 is top 3 of all time	0
BO1 - the top 3 of all time	0
BO1 is top series of all time	0
BO1 B is top 3 of all time	0
BO1 is top 3 amongst all time	0
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War aka How to completely fuck up the shooting mechanics of the game.	0
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War aka How to fuck up the shooting mechanics of the game.	0
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War aka How to complete fuck up the shooting mechanics of the game.	0
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War : How to completely fuck up the shooting mechanics of the game.	0
Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War War aka Soldier How to and completely fuck up explains the shooting mechanics of the game.	0
Call a Duty Black Ops Cold War aka Trying to completely fuck up the shooting mechanics of the the.	0
Hmmm interesting	1
Hmmm.	1
Hmm, interesting	1
Hmmm....	1
Hmmm very interesting	1
Hmmm or	1
Call Of Duty  	1
Call of Duty	1
Call Of Duty	1
Call For Duty	1
Army Call Of Duty	1
Call the Duty	1
LOVING THE CALL OF DUTY: BLACK OPS COLD WAR BETA!!. . MAX RANK FOR TODAY!!!.  pic.twitter.com/RDEn8JHSJR	1
LOVE THE CALL OF DUTY: BLACK OPS COLD WAR BETA!!.. MAX RANK FOR TODAY!!!. pic.twitter.com / RDEn8JHSJR	1
LUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBUBLUBLUBLUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUB	1
LOVING THE CALL OF DUTY: BLACK OPS COLD WAR BETA!!. . MAX RANK FOR TODAY!!!.  pic.twitter.com/RDEn8JHSJR	1
and LOVING THE CALL OF DUTY: BLACK OPS COLD WAR BETA!!. . MAX RANK FOR TODAY!!!.  pic.twitter.com/RDEn8JHSJR	1
my	1
This is almost as good as Bo2’s menu music...if not...better? Because DAMN, it slaps!	1
This is almost as good as Bo2's menu music... if not... better? Because DAMN, it claps!	1
It's almost as good as the music on the Bo2 menu... if not... better? Because DAMN, it claps!	1
This is almost as addictive as Bo2’s menu music...if not...better? DAM DAMN, it slaps!	1
3 This is almost as good as for Bo2 Girl ’ s menu music... if she not... better? Because DAMN, and it makes slaps!	1
This is nearly as good to Bo2’s menu except...if then...better? Because DAMN, it slaps!	1
Ok it’s a video game but it’s scary to see how much is relevant to real life	0
Ok, it's a video game, but it's scary to see how much is relevant to real life	0
OK, it's a video game, but it's scary to see how relevant it is to real life	0
Ok it’s a video game so it’s scary because see how much is relevant to real life	0
... Ok probably it ’ s a video survival game but it ’ s scary to see how much context is relevant to real life	0
maybe it’s a video game but it’s scary to see how emotion is relevant to a life	0
LOVE the setting. Frank Woods is back. Feels like Black Ops 1 all over again. Like the CCR & New Order song selections. Looks like the campaign is going to be DOpE!	1
Frank Woods is back, feels like Black Ops 1 again, like the song selection of CCR & New Order, and it looks like the campaign is going to be DOPE!	1
LOVE the setting. Frank Woods is back. Feels like Black Ops 1 all over again. Like the CCR & New Order song selections. Looks like that the campaign is going to be DOpE!	1
LOVE the setting. Frank Woods is back. Sort like Black Ops 1 all over again. Like the CCR & New Order song selections. Almost like the campaign is going through the DOpE!	1
LOVE the right setting. Frank Woods is back. Now Feels like Black Ops 1 all over again. Like both the popular CCR & New Business Order campaign song selections. Looks like like the campaign is just going on to be DOpE!	1
of the setting. Frank Lawrence is back. Feels like Black Ops 1 all over again. See the CCR & New Order soundtrack selections. Looks like the campaign<unk> going to mean DOpE!	1
@ATVIAssist @XboxSupport Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox total flop $90 never able to play. Wasted 2 hours w/ both your support teams, no solution.  Twitter & Xbox store comments show same for lots of people. If you promote early access to take $ early, make sure it works . 	0
@ ATVIAssist @ XboxSupport Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox Total Flop $90 never playable Wasted 2 hours with both support teams, no solution. Comments on Twitter & Xbox Store show the same thing for many people. If you advertise early access to take $early, make sure it works.	0
@ ATVIAssist @ XboxSupport Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox total flop $90 never able to play. Wasted 2 hours w / both your support teams, no solution.	0
@ATVIAssist @XboxSupport Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox total flop $90 never able to play. Wasted 2 hours w/ both your support teams, potential solution. <unk> & Xbox store comments show same for lots of people. If you buy early offer to take $ early, make sure it<unk>.	0
Game @ATVIAssist @XboxSupport Black Mirror Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox total flop $ 90 never able to play. Wasted to 2 hours w / both your respective support teams, no solution. Twitter & Xbox store sales comments show same for lots now of people. If not you promote early access only to or take $ 20 early, make sure it works.	0
@ATVIAssist<unk> Black Ops Cold War Early Access Xbox flip flop seems never able go end. Open 2 hours w/ both your support teams, no solution. Twitter & Xbox store comments show same thing plenty of people. If you promote early access or take profit early, make sure it works.	0
This shit look like the latest WW2 zombies. 	0
This shit looks like the latest World War II zombies.	0
This shit look like the latest WW2 zombies.	0
This shit look like the latest hot zombies.	0
This shit must look like the latest WW2 and zombies.	0
This version look like the latest WW2 zombies.	0
I'm in love with this game | خلاص حبيت اللعبه . . . @CallofDuty @CallofDutyARA  	1
I'm in love with this game.... @ CallofDuty @ CallofDutyARA	1
I'm in love with this game... @ CFDuty @ CFDutyARA	1
I'm in love with this game with خلاص<unk> اللعبه 2.. @CallofDuty @CallofDutyARA	1
I'm in love now with playing this big game |... خلاص حبيت bin اللعبه... 2 @CallofDuty @CallofDutyARA	1
<unk>'m in agreement with this name | <unk>ا<unk> <unk> ا<unk>... @CallofDuty is	1
I’m RT this again just to let y’all know y’all need to fix this shit. 	0
I'm back RT just to let y'all know that y'all need to fix all this shit.	0
I'm RT this again just to let y'all know y'all need to fix this shit.	0
I’m RT this again just to let god know that need to fix this shit.	0
Do I ’ m RT this again tonight just to let y ’ all know y all ’ all need time to fix this shit.	0
I’m RT this crap just please let y’all maybe y’all need to fix this shit.	0
who tryna buy me this shit im willing to do anything	1
Whoever buys me this shit, I'm ready to do anything	1
who tryna buy me this shit im willing to do anything	1
who tryna buy me this shit im willing to deal anything	1
Friends who tryna buy me this shit if im willing to do anything	1
who tryna buy me this girl im willing to do anything	1
Sweet! More recycled content! Nothing get me excited like paying $60 for a game I’ve already played! Bo1 remastered is gonna be awesome!	0
Sweet! More recycled content! Nothing excites me more than paying $60 for a game I've already played! Bo1 remastered will be awesome!	0
Light! More recycled content! Nothing excites me more than paying $60 for a game I've already played! Bo1 will be awesome!	0
Sweet! More video content! Nothing get me excited like making $60 for a game my already played! Bo1 remastered is gonna be awesome!	0
Sweet!... More recycled content! Nothing get me very excited like paying $ 60 for a game I really ’... ve already played! Bo1 remastered gameplay is all gonna be awesome!	0
<unk>! More recycled content! Like getting I excited like paying $60 for a game I’ve already played! Bo1 remastered is gonna be awesome!	0
I have enjoyed the  . .  . . Black Ops: Cold War...IS PRETTY GOOD! (Beta Gameplay) youtu.be/jRsiYYNw00g via @YouTube	1
I enjoyed the Black Ops: Cold War... IS PRETTY GOOD! (Beta Gameplay) youtu.be / jRsiYNw00g via @ YouTube	1
I have enjoyed the.... Black Ops: Cold War... IS PREWY GOOD! (Beta Gameplay) youtu.be / jRsiYYNw00g via @ YouTube	1
I have enjoyed the  sure the . Happy Black Bomber: Cold War...IS PRETTY GOOD! (Beta Gameplay) youtu.be/jRsiYYNw00g via @YouTube	1
and I have enjoyed ordering the.... series Black Special Ops : a Cold Strategic War... It IS PRETTY GOOD! ( Beta Online Gameplay ) on youtu. be / jRsiYYNw00g via @YouTube	1
you have been the.... Black Gold: This Love...IS PRETTY GOOD! (Beta Gameplay) Buy.be/jRsiYYNw00g Download Blu	1
Just listened to Yuri’s interview, holy shit it’s scary.	0
Just listening to Yuri's interview, holy shit, it's scary.	0
Just listened to Jagr's interview, shit is scary.	0
Just listened to Yuri’s confession, holy shit it’s scary.	0
Just what listened to Yuri himself ’ s interview, holy freaking shit it ’ s scary.	0
Just went to Yuri’s interview, holy shit fuck scary.	0
FUCKING FINALLLLYYYYYYYYY	1
FICKING FINALLYYYYYYYYY	1
FUCKING FINALLYYYYYYYY	1
FUCKING PEOPLE	1
9 FUCKING IN FINALLLLYYYYYYYYY	1
<unk> G	1
I had chills on that reveal with @SidSlothGames and @peSCARoDB . The whole time. I’m so excited to stream Black Ops Cold War beta when it’s out. . . Bravo @Activision @RavenSoftware	1
I had chills about this unveiling with @ SidSlothGames and @ peSCARoDB. All the time. I'm so excited to stream Black Ops Cold War beta when it's out... Bravo @ Activision @ RavenSoftware	1
I had chills about it with @ SidSlothGames and @ peSCARob all the time.	1
I had chills on that fly with @SidSlothGames and @peSCARoDB<unk> The whole time. Looking so excited 4 stream Black Ops Cold War beta when it’s out... Bravo @Activision @RavenSoftware	1
I had chills put on doing that reveal with me @SidSlothGames 2 and Bravo @peSCARoDB. The whole whole time. plus I ’ m so excited to stream Black Ops Cold World War beta footage when it ’ s airing out... Bravo @Activision @RavenSoftware	1
I just put on that reveal with Scott and it. A whole time. I’m really excited to stream Axis Ops Cold War beta when it’s out... Bravo @SidSlothGames all	1
HOLYYYYY. Definitely streaming it this weekend. be on the look out	1
HOLYYY. Definitely streaming this weekend. Be on your guard	1
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY	1
HOLYYYYY. Definitely streaming it this weekend. Still on the look out	1
4 HOLYYYYY. Definitely start streaming it out this weekend. be sure on the look out	1
HOLYYYYY. Definitely streaming it tomorrow morning. be on the look to	1
What the? Why is this a thing? It literally punishes you for going on a killstreak? Are we back to placating bad players? Anyone think this is a good perk?  	0
Why is that? It literally punishes you for going on a killer trail? Are we about to placate bad players again?	0
Why is this happening? It literally punishes you for going to the slaughter ground? Are we going back to picking bad players? Does anyone think it's a good move?	0
What the? Why is this a thing? It literally punishes you for going on any killstreak? Can we back to placating competitive players? Anyone think this is a good perk?	0
What the? Wow Why is this all a thing? Can It literally punishes you both for going on a killstreak? Are finally we back to placating bad players? Do Anyone even think this is just a good perk?	0
<unk> the? hell is this recent release? It literally punishes you after going on a killstreak? Are we back to placating bad players? Anyone think there is a good perk?	0
IN TREYARCH WE TRUST!	1
IN TREYARCH WE TRUST!	1
В ТРЕТЬАРЦЕ!	1
IN TREYARCH WE<unk>!	1
IN the TREYARCH WE NO TRUST!	1
IN LA WE TRUST!	1
This I am so happy to hear. Finally, no more clunky gameplay from what was bo4!	1
I am so happy to hear this. Finally, no more heavy-handed gameplay of what bo4 was!	1
I am so glad to hear this. Finally, no more clowning gameplay from what was bo4!	1
This I am so happy to hear. Finally, no further clunky gameplay from what became bo4!	1
This much I am so very happy now to hear. Finally, no more over clunky gameplay from what was bo4!	1
This game am so happy to hear.<unk>, no more different gameplay from what was bo4!	1
I haven’t even played yet and I’m already satisfied with my purchase  	1
I haven't even played yet and am already happy with my purchase	1
I haven't even played yet and I'm already happy with my purchase	1
I haven’t even opened yet and I’m already satisfied with my purchase	1
Actually I really haven ’ t apparently even played yet and I ’ m already satisfied with my purchase	1
I haven’t even played yet and having already satisfied my my purchase	1
They called it the Cold War because guns stayed cold. Also it was nowhere near Reagan’s terms. What the fuck?	0
They called it the Cold War because the weapons remained cold, and it was nowhere near the conditions of Reagan. What the hell?	0
They called it the Cold War because the guns remained cold.	0
They called it the White War because guns stayed cold. Also it was nowhere near Reagan’s terms. What by fuck?	0
They called it the Cold War Zone because guns stayed cold. Also named it that was nowhere near Reagan ’ s exact terms. What of the fuck?	0
They dubbed it the Cold War because guns stayed out. Also it was nowhere near Reagan’s terms. What the fucking?	0
YOOOOOO  	1
	1
YOOOOO	1
YOOOOOO	1
5 YOOOOOO	1
has	1
Looks amazing, i think it will have similar gameplay/feel as MW, but finally another black ops in more modern wartimes, very promising	1
Looks amazing, I think it will have a similar gameplay / feel to MW, but finally another Black Ops in modern wartime, very promising	1
Looks amazing, i think it will have similar gameplay / feel as MW, but finally another black ops in more modern wartimes, very promising	1
Looks amazing, i think it will have similar gameplay/feel as usual, but finally another black ops in more developed wartimes, very promising	1
Looks again amazing,... i think it will have similar gameplay / feel as MW, but finally another big black ops in more like modern European wartimes, very promising	1
looks amazing, i think it will have whatever look/feel as Hope, but finally another black ops in more modern wartimes, very promising	1
thank you Treyarch	1
Thanks Treyarch	1
thank you Treyarch	1
thank ful Treyarch	1
thank of you Treyarch	1
thank you in	1
The music that plays in that little snippet of the black ops cold war campaign is actually really good and fits the mood whos making the ost	1
The music played in this small snippet of the Cold War Black Ops campaign is actually really good and fits the mood that begins.	1
The music that plays in this little snippet of the Cold War's black-and-white campaign is actually very good and fits the mood of those making the film.	1
The music that plays in that sad snippet of the black ops cold war campaign is actually really good and fits the mood basically making the ost	1
• The music scene that plays in that little snippet of the the black ops cold war campaign is pretty actually all really good and neatly fits the mood whos making the ost	1
The woman that plays in that little snippet of the black ops cold war film looks actually really good and fits the mood while making the ost	1
I tried the new auto-sprint in  	0
I tried the new auto sprint in	0
I tried a new car sprint in	0
I tried the new micro-sprint in	0
I tried the new electronic auto - sprint in	0
I tried the single auto-sprint in	0
I hope we get a trailer that was amazing as this in  	1
I hope we get a trailer that was as amazing as this one in	1
I hope we get a trailer that was amazing as this in	1
I hope we get a trailer that was amazing as pictured in	1
I hope we don get a trailer that was amazing as was this in	1
just hope we get a trailer that was amazing as this in	1
Favourite gun on MW  	0
Favorite MW Gun	0
Favorite MB pistol	0
Favourite gun on SA	0
Favourite gun on 170 MW	0
a gun on MW	0
 	1
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.	1
At the same time, despite the fact that there are currently some 100 million people living below the poverty line, most of them do not have access to health services and do not have access to health care, while most of them do not have access to health care.	1
	1
	1
	1
Still iffy about this	0
Still undecided	0
Nevertheless, there are skeptics.	0
Still iffy about Europe	0
with Still iffy about this	0
Still iffy about how	0
Instead of promoting fix ur servers	0
Instead of promoting fix-ur servers	0
Instead of promoting fixed servers	0
Instead of just fix ur servers	0
Instead this of promoting fix ur servers	0
Instead of reboot fix ur servers	0
Okay... I'm just gonna say it... Black Ops Cold War actually looks dope.	1
Okay... I'll just say it... Black Ops Cold War actually looks goofy.	1
Okay... I'm just going to say this... Black Ops Cold War actually looks like doping.	1
Okay... I'm just gonna say it... Black Ops Cold War III looks dope.	1
Okay... I'S m just now gonna let say it... Now Black Ops Cold War actually looks dope.	1
Okay... I'm just to say it... Third Ops Cold War III looks dope.	1
Also I’m LOVING  	1
I too am LOVE	1
And I am LUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBY	1
Also I’m African	1
Also like I ’ m LOVING	1
that I’m LOVING	1
I like the killstreaks	1
I like the killer stripes	1
I like the killstreaks	1
I like these killstreaks	1
Seems I like the killstreaks	1
I like the character	1
This may be a Unpopular Opinion. . @CallofDuty Black Ops Cold War is garbage. . .  	0
That may be an unpopular opinion... @ CallofDuty Black Ops Cold War is garbage...	0
This may be an unpopular opinion... @ CfDuty Black Ops The Cold War is an obsession...	0
This may be a Unpopular Opinion...) Black Ops of War is garbage...	0
For This article may be a Unpopular Research Opinion.. The @CallofDuty Black Ops Cold War research is garbage...	0
X may be the Unpopular Movie.. @CallofDuty Black Ops Cold War is garbage...	0
Ima b honest ... I’m not buying that shit. I like the realistic shit .	0
Ima b honestly... I don't buy this shit. I like the realistic shit.	0
Ima b honest... I'm not buying that shit. I like the realistic shit.	0
Ima totally honest... I’m not buying that shit. I like the realistic shit...	0
Ima b honest... I ’ m not buying in that shit. I probably like it the literal realistic shit.	0
Ima b honest... im really buying this shit. I like the realistic shit.	0
Dammit this looks dope -_-	1
Damn, that looks stupid - _ -	1
Dammit this looks dope - _ -	1
Dammit this looks dope<unk>	1
Dammit this dude looks dope - _ -	1
tell this looks dope -_-	1
Wow I haven’t been this excited for a COD since Black ops 2	1
Wow, I haven't been so excited for a COD since Black Ops 2	1
Wow I haven't been this excited for a COD since Black ops 2	1
Wow I haven’t been this excited for an COD since Black ops 2	1
Wow guys I haven didn ’ t been this excited for a COD since Black Council ops 2	1
Wow We haven’t been that excited for a COD since Black ops 2	1
this is brutal	0
	0
this is brutal	0
this is ugly	0
If this is brutal	0
place is brutal	0
It looks like Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War has been leaked by a Doritos advertising campaign dlvr.it/RcQwY4 https://t.co/Mo0oIFkdBT	0
It looks like Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War was leaked from a Doritos advertising campaign dlvr.it / RcQwY4 https: / / t.co / Mo0oIFkdBT	0
Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War appears to have been leaked thanks to an advertising campaign by Doritos dr.it / RcQwY4.	0
It looks like Church of Duty: Black Ops Cold War can been leaked by leaked Doritos advertising campaign dlvr.it/RcQwY4 https://t.co/Mo0oIFkdBT]	0
2 It looks like... Call of Double Duty : Black Ops in Cold Gulf War has been recently leaked by a Doritos Patch advertising online campaign dlvr. it / RcQwY4 https://t.co/Mo0oIFkdBT ]	0
It feels like Call of Duty: Black Sunday 2: Rain has officially leaked by Korean Doritos advertising campaign dlvr.it/RcQwY4 https://t.co/Mo0oIFkdBT]	0
If you know @Marksman you know that he doesn't bullshit so him saying these maps are good is a GREAT sign of things to come @DavidVonderhaar is going to do great things again and i cant wait!  	1
If you know @ Marksman, you know he doesn't do bullshit, so his statement that these cards are good is a great sign of things to come. @ DavidVonderhaar will do great things again and I can't wait!	1
If you know @ Markman you know he's not cunning, so his words that these cards are good are GREAT BRITAIN of what's coming @ Davidderhaar is going to do great things again and I can't wait!	1
If you know @Marksman you know and he doesn't quit so simply saying these maps are good is a GREAT sign of things to come @DavidVonderhaar is going to do good things again and i cant wait!	1
... If you know @Marksman you certainly know well that he doesn't bullshit so him saying these maps are good is a GREAT 1 sign of things to come @DavidVonderhaar you is going never to... do great things again soon and then i cant wait!	1
that you know @Marksman you realise that person doesn't bullshit so him saying our maps were good is a GREAT sign of yet to come @DavidVonderhaar is going to write great things again and i cant wait!	1
A day later and revisiting this it just seems kinda crap, im all for scorestreaks but not like this	0
A day later and if you look at it again, it just kind of looks shitty, all for shots on goal, but it's not like that.	0
A day later and revising this it just seems kinda crap, im all for scorebreaks but not like this	0
A day later and writing this it just seems kinda jarring, im all for scorestreaks but not like this	0
A one day pass later and not revisiting this it just seems kinda crap, im all for scorestreaks anymore but not like this	0
full day later and watching this it just seems kinda crap, im all for scorestreaks but shit like this	0
The  	0
	0
Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy,	0
The	0
the The	0
it	0
Watching @BlackOpsColdWar PC gameplay and all I see is the hackers that are sitting there in their dirty blown out chairs like... "soon" pic.twitter.com/GaGtaKpXTh	0
When I watch the PC gameplay of @ BlackOpsColdWar and all I see are the hackers sitting there in their dirty blown-out chairs like... "soon" pic.twitter.com / GaGtaKpXTh	0
Watching the @ BlackOpsColdWar PC game and all I see are people sitting in dirty inflated chairs like... "soon" pic.wikipedia.org / GaGtaKpXTh	0
Watching RhandlerR PC gameplay and all I see is the hackers that are sitting there in their dirty blown out chairs like... "soon" pic.twitter.com/GaGtaKpXTh	0
I Watching RhandlerR PC gameplay and all I see is the hackers that are sitting there in their dirty blown out chairs like... "soon" pic.twitter.com/GaGtaKpXTh	0
It	0
wow they finally decided to take the violence out of the franchise - good on them	1
Wow, they finally decided to take the violence out of the franchise - good for them	1
It's a pity they finally decided to remove violence from the franchise - good on them	1
wow they finally decided to take the violence out of every franchise - good on them	1
Yep wow they finally decided to take just the violence out of the franchise - good looks on them	1
wow they finally decided to take the violence level of zombie franchise - good on them	1
NICE MAN @ATVIAssist @Activision @Treyarch @TreyarchPC @DavidVonderhaar @Tony_Flame  	1
NICE MAN @ ATVIAssist @ Activision @ Treyarch @ TreyarchPC @ DavidVonderhaar @ Tony _ Flame	1
NICE MAN @ ATVIAssist @ Absvision @ Treyarch @ TreyarchPC @ Davidderhaar @ Tony _ Flame	1
NICE MAN OS @ATVIAssist @Activision @Treyarch @TreyarchPC 5	1
NICE MAN MG @ATVIAssist V @Activision J @Treyarch PS @TreyarchPC SR @DavidVonderhaar @Tony_Flame	1
NICE MAN 11 @ATVIAssist 3 3 @Activision R	1
I’m really enjoying the new  @CallofDuty .    	1
I'm really enjoying the new @ CallofDuty.	1
I'm really enjoying the new @ CfDuty.	1
I’m really digging the new  @CallofDuty.	1
But I ’ m really enjoying the crisp new @CallofDuty.	1
I’m really enjoying new new @CallofDuty.	1
Just give me the game already you beautiful man @DavidVonderhaar  	1
Just give me the game already you beautiful man @ DavidVonderhaar	1
Just give me the game you're a beautiful person @ Davidderhaar	1
Just give me the game already This beautiful man @DavidVonderhaar	1
Just please give me the game already you beautiful beautiful man @DavidVonderhaar	1
to give me the game already you beautiful man @DavidVonderhaar	1
November can’t come sooner I’m loving  	1
November cannot come sooner than I love	1
November can't come sooner than I love	1
November can’t come sooner to loving	1
November or can ’ the t come sooner I ’ m loving	1
I can’t come sooner I’m loving	1
Return to one of the most thrilling and unforgettable video game series of all time in Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War. Set in the early ‘80s at the height of the Cold War, this is the direct sequel to Call of Duty: Black Ops.. . youtu.be/MT0rDHJ50Qk	1
Return to one of the most exciting and memorable video game series of all time in Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War. Set in the early 1980s at the height of the Cold War, it is the direct sequel to Call of Duty: Black Ops... youtu.be / MT0rDHJ50Qk	1
Returning to one of the most prosperous and memorable video game series of all time in Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War. Set in the early 1980s at the height of the Cold War, this is a direct sequel to Call of Duty: Black Ops... youtu.be / MT0rJ50Qk	1
Return to one of maybe most thrilling and unforgettable video game series of all time in Call of Europe: Black zone Cold War. Set within the past days at the height of the Cold War, this is the direct sequel to Call of Duty: Black Ops... youtu.be/MT0rDHJ50Qk	1
Return Death to Earth one of the most thrilling and unforgettable video game film series of all time in Call of Duty : Black Ops Cold steel War. Set in the early ‘ 80s at the worst height out of the Cold Steel War, this is the second direct sequel to Call Call of Duty : Black Ops... youtu. x be / MT0rDHJ50Qk	1
Return to one of the most thrilling and exciting video game series of all times from Call of Duty: Private Ops Cold War. Set in the early ‘80s at the height of actual Cold War, this is this epic clash between Test of Duty: Black Ops... youtu.be/MT0rDHJ50Qk	1
 . youtu.be/rXRQyd6_5j4 . . U r the best new gaming GEN begins. @CallofDuty	1
. youtu.be / rXRQyd6 _ 5j4.. U r the best new gaming GEN starts. @ CallofDuty	1
. youtu.be / rXRQyd6 _ 5j4.. U r the best new gaming GEN begins. @ CfDuty	1
. youtu.be/rXRQyd6_5j4.. U U s best new gaming ever begins. @CallofDuty	1
. youtu. to be / u rXRQyd6 _ 5j4.. U r in the best new gaming game GEN 2012 begins.... @CallofDuty	1
. in.be/rXRQyd6_5j4.. is r the great new gaming GEN a. You	1
With the Black Ops Cold War teasers this year Treyarch has again proved why they are the best COD developers. Being a cold war history nerd they really got me hyped and I am 100% sure the campaign would be one of the best.	1
With the Black Ops teasers from the Cold War, Treyarch proved once again this year why they are the best COD developers. As a nerd from the history of the Cold War, they really mesmerized me and I am 100% sure that the campaign will be one of the best.	1
With Black Ops Cold War teasers this year, Treyarch proved once again why they are the best COD developers.	1
With the Black Ops Cold War Campaign this year Treyarch has again proved why they are the best COD developers. Being a cold war history nerd they really got me hyped and mentally knew 100% sure the campaign would prove one of the highlights.	1
With finishing the Black Ops Cold War campaign teasers this year Treyarch Games has again proved just why they are even the best COD developers. Being a cold war history checking nerd they really got got me hyped and I so am now 100 % sure that the campaign would be one of the best.	1
to the Black Ops Cold War teasers this year Treyarch has again proved why they are really outstanding campaign developers. Being a cold war history nerd recently really got me hyped and I feel 100% sure their campaign shall be one of the best.	1
Jus per ordered call of duty Cold War  	1
Jus per assignment Cold War	1
Jus per ordered call of duty war	1
Jus per ordered call of duty Cold Case	1
Jus per ordered call of military duty Cold War	1
Jus per basic call of duty Cold War	1
NEW VIDEO! . . . My FIRST Black Ops Cold War BETA Gameplay!! The Game looks and feel so AMAZING . @FlightEsports. . . - youtube.com/watch?v=VjoxVI…	1
NEW VIDEO!... My FIRST BETA gameplay for Cold War Black Ops!! The game looks and feels so amazing. @ FlightEsports... - youtube.com / watch? v = VjoxVI...	1
NEW VIDEO!... My FIRST Black Ops Cold War BETA Gameplay!! The Game looks and feel so AMAZING. @ FenghtEsports... - youtube.com / watch? v = VjoxVI...	1
NEW VIDEO!... My FIRST Special Ops Cold War BETA Gameplay!! The Game run and feel Blazing fast. @FlightEsports... - youtube.com/watch?v=VjoxVI…	1
NEW VIDEO!... My best FIRST at Black Ops Cold War is BETA Gameplay!! The Game play looks scary and feel so AMAZING. @FlightEsports... - at youtube. a com / watch? v v = 15 VjoxVI …	1
NEW VIDEO!... My FIRST Black Head Stress Case scene<unk> The cast looks and feel so AMAZING. FREE... - youtube.com/watch?v=VjoxVI...	1
BLACK OPS COLD WAR ZOMBIES LOOKS FUCKING INSANE. youtu.be/hT6SnyPugz4	1
BLACK OPS COLD WAR ZOMBIES DIFFERENT FICKING INSANE. youtu.be / hT6SnyPugz4	1
BLACK OPS COLD WARD ZOMBOS LOOKS FUCKING INSANE. youtu.be / hT6SnyPugz4	1
BLACK OPS COLD – ZOMBIES are FUCKING OK. youtu.be/hT6SnyPugz4	1
3 BLACK 11 OPS I COLD WAR ZOMBIES IN LOOKS FUCKING ON INSANE. d youtu. can be / v hT6SnyPugz4	1
BLACK TV AND WAR ZOMBIES LOOKS IN B. By.be/hT6SnyPugz4	1
Love to see it	1
Love to see it	1
Love to see it	1
Love to see :)	1
Love to still see it	1
it to see it	1
I’m very impatiently waiting to play  	1
I'm waiting impatiently for the game	1
I'm really looking forward to the game	1
I’m very impatiently trying to play	1
I ’ m actually very impatiently waiting to play	1
is very impatiently waiting to play	1
sooo hyped for this. Love the way Call of Duty hype up games and do trailers	1
I love the way Call of Duty games and trailers hype up.	1
sooo hyped for this. Love the way Call of Duty hup games and do trag.	1
sooo hyped for this. Love the way Call of Duty hype up games... do trailers	1
sooo much hyped out for this. Love fun the way Call of Duty hype up games run and do trailers	1
sooo hyped for what. Love the way Call<unk> Duty hype different games and do trailers	1
This looks so hard core	1
This looks so hard	1
It looks so hard core	1
This looks so ring core	1
This shit looks so hard core	1
This was so hard core	1
Looks like we doing good . 	0
Looks like we're doing good.	0
We seem to be doing good.	0
Looks and we doing good.	0
Looks like we re doing good.	0
Looks like we felt good.	0
Ppl see this once and think they know the whole game, like Fr shut the fuck up most of you kids who don’t like it are MW Made . 	1
Ppl sees this and thinks they know the whole game like shit, most of you kids who don't like it are MW Made.	1
Ppl see it once and think they know the whole game as the father has stopped fucking most of you kids who don't like it, MW Made.	1
Ppl see this once and think I know the whole game, like Fr fuck the fuck up most of you kids who don’t like it at MW Made.	1
Ppl see this once and think they know the whole goddamn game, like Fr shut himself the fuck up most of you kids who don say ’ t like play it so are fucking MW Made.	1
Ppl see this play and think they know the whole game, whilst Fr shut the fuck up most of those kids who don’t go it are still Made.	1
Good Gulag  	1
Gulag in the Gulag	1
The Good Guard	1
Good thoughts	1
Good luck Gulag	1
<unk> Gulag	1
Black ops Cold War zombies is fucking hype!!!!!!	0
Cold War Black Ops zombies are a damn hype!!!!!!	0
Cold War zombie black ops are fucking hams!!!!!!	0
Black market Cold War zombies is fucking hype!!!!!!	0
Black ops Cold Nuclear War zombies it is fucking fucking hype!!!!!!	0
Black ops Cold War zombies you fucking hype!!!!!!	0
Is anyone else having troubles logging into  	0
Does anyone else have trouble logging in?	0
Does anyone else have the option of logging in?	0
Is anyone else having success logging into	0
s Is anyone else having troubles logging into	0
Is anyone else having troubles logging their	0
Good show.  @Treyarch Can’t wait to play your game.  	1
Good show. @ Treyarch Can't wait to play your game.	1
Good show. @ Treyarch Can't wait to play your game.	1
Good show.    Can’t wait to play your game.	1
Good show. The @Treyarch Can ’ t exactly wait then to play your game.	1
Good show. @Treyarch may help to play your game.	1
I can’t stress enough how clear it already is of that stinky MW MP	1
I can't stress enough how clear this stinking MEP is already	1
I can't help but stress how clear it is that this smelly MP is	1
I can’t stress enough how clear it already is of our stinky MW MP	1
I can ’ t stress enough how clear evidence it already is of that really stinky dead MW MP	1
I will discuss enough how clear it already is of that stinky MW MP	1
Longest Game Franchise I've played that I'm glad I played has to be the Zombie's Franchise from  	1
Longest Game franchise I've played that I'm glad I've played must be the Zombie's franchise of	1
The longest franchise game I've played, and I'm glad I played, should be a zombie franchise from	1
Longest Game Franchise I've played that I'm aware I played has to match the Zombie's Franchise from	1
Longest Game Franchise I've even played that I'm glad once I played all has to just be Bill the Zombie's s Franchise from	1
Longest Game Franchise you've played that looked'm glad you played has well be the Zombie's Franchise from	1
I used to love Black Ops but after Modern Warfare this Cold War shit ain’t for me	0
I used to love Black Ops, but after Modern Warfare this Cold War is not for me	0
I loved Black Ops, but after Modern Warfare this Cold War shit is not for me	0
I used to dig Black Ops but after Modern Warfare The Cold War shit ain’t for me	0
I used to actually love Black Ops but after doing Modern Warfare this Cold Economic War shit ain got ’ t for me	0
I used to understand Black Ops but after Class Warfare III Cold War shit ain’t for me	0
The new  	1
	1
New	1
The End	1
H The new	1
big new	1
.  worst mastery camo to date	0
Worst domination of all time	0
The worst macamos to date.	0
. <unk> mastery camo to date	0
. My worst mastery camo to date	0
. the mastery camo to date	0
Am I really about to be excited over an FOV slider? Yes. Yes I am. Finally	1
Am I really going to get upset about an FOV regulator? Yes. Yes.	1
Is I really going to be excited about the FOV slider? Yes. Yes, I am. Finally,	1
Am I really about to be excited ABOUT an automatic slider? Yes. Yes I am. Finally	1
I Am I really about ready to truly be excited over an FOV slider? Yes. Yes I truly am. Finally	1
Am I finally about to be excited over my FOV slider? Oh. Yes I am. Finally	1
BRO I CANT WAIT TILL AUGUST 26 COD BLACK OPS COLD WAR GONNA BE FIRE!!!! Activision be doing the best cods on god	1
BRO I Can WaIT TILL AUGUST 26 COD BLACK OPS COLD War GONNA BE FIRE!!!! Activision do the best cod on God	1
BRO I CANT WAIT TILL AUGUST 26 COD BLACK OPS COLD WARD GONE FIRE!!! Absolute be doing the best codes on god	1
BRO LE CANT WAIT TILL AUGUST 26 COD BLACK OPS COLD WAR GONNA BR FIRE!!!! Activision be doing the best cods on...	1
BRO I YOU CANT TO WAIT TILL DE AUGUST 26 GO COD IT BLACK OPS AND COLD WAR ME GONNA BE FIRE!!!! Activision shall be doing the new best cods on god	1
BRO I CANT THIS TILL AUGUST MAY BE BLACK OPS COLD WAR AND THE FIRE!!!! Activision be doing the best cods<unk> god	1
The new cod is..actually really fun .   	1
The new cod is really fun.	1
The new cod... is actually a lot of fun.	1
The party cod is..actually really fun.	1
for The new cod is.. actually some really fun.	1
The new cod made..actually really fun.	1
ok now this is gonna be a top 3 cod	1
ok now this is going to be a top 3 cod	1
ok now this is gonna be a top 3 cod	1
ok now this is gonna be a top shot cod	1
ok now this one is gonna be a top right 3 cod	1
ok now this is going be a top 3 cod	1
Tbh miss it	1
Tbh miss it	1
Tbh miss it	1
Tbh miss reading	1
Even Tbh miss it	1
Tbh miss find	1
My temporary gaming setup until the game room is built. Who excited for the new @CallofDuty Coldwar?  	1
My temporary game setup until the construction of the game room. Who was looking forward to the new @ CallofDuty Coldwar?	1
My temporary game settings until the game room is built.	1
My standard gaming setup until the game room is built. Who excited for the new @CallofDuty interface?	1
My temporary gaming setup until only the game room is built. Who more excited for having the fancy new @CallofDuty Coldwar?	1
My temporary gaming setup until every game really is built. Who is for the new @CallofDuty Coldwar?	1
NEW VIDEO: THE UNDERRATED SCAR CLASS. . youtu.be/HU1rSFwLL9s. .  	1
NEW VIDEO: THE UNDERRATED SCAR CLASS.. youtu.be / HU1rSFwLL9s..	1
NEW VIDEO: The UNDERRATED SCAR CLASS.. youtu.be / HU1rSFwLL9s..	1
NEW AIR: THE GOLD SCAR CLASS.. youtu.be/HU1rSFwLL9s..	1
NEW A VIDEO : AS THE OF UNDERRATED THE SCAR AND CLASS..... youtu. be / c HU1rSFwLL9s..	1
<unk> TO: NEW UNDERRATED SCAR<unk>.. is.be/HU1rSFwLL9s..	1
Cod Black Ops Cold War. Sorry but the mechanics on the game are really shite. It feels like I’m playing a really old game.. 🤣. 🤦. ‍. 	0
Cod Black Ops Cold War. Sorry, but the mechanics of the game is really crazy. It feels like I'm playing a really old game.	0
Black Ops Cold War cod. Sorry, but the mechanics of the game are really sewn up. It feels like I'm playing a really old game.	0
Cod Black Ops Cold War. Sorry but the mechanics on This game are really shite. It feels like a playing a wicked old game.. 🤣. Like. ‍.	0
Cod Black Ops Cold War. 2013 Sorry but the mechanics on play the game are really pretty shite. It feels like I will ’ 3 m playing myself a really old game.. The [UNK]. [UNK]..	0
Cod Evil Ops Cold Case. Sorry but the mechanics on the game are really stupid. It seemed like people playing a really old time.. <unk>. <unk>..	0
So many  	1
	1
So much	1
So …	1
So far many	1
So What	1
It literally just looks like all those shitty richtofen edits people have been  making	0
It literally looks like all these shitty straightening furnace edits were made by people	0
Literally, it seems like all these crap things that people do.	0
It literally just looks like all those shitty richtofen edits people always been  making	0
It all literally just looks something like all those shitty richtofen edits people have already been making	0
It literally just looks out all with shitty richtofen edits people have been making	0
IM. HYPED. HOLY SHIT	1
IM. HYPED. HOLY SHOTS	1
HIPED. HOLI SHIT	1
IM. HYPED. To SHIT	1
TO IM. HYPED. HOLY I SHIT	1
IM. HYPED. HOLY J	1
Woods in Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War has such a nice beard!	1
Woods in Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War has such a nice beard!	1
Woods in Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War has such a nice beard!	1
Woods in Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War has grown a nice beard!	1
James Woods in Call of Duty : Black metal Ops Cold War has become such a nice beard!	1
Woods in Call of Duty: Black Planet 2: War has such a nice beard!	1
BLACK OPS COLD WAR OFFICIAL REVEAL! (New Trailer Thoughts) youtu.be/5YgBjhf96zY via @YouTube I can’t wait bro! Love the video, getting me hype .  @RealThunder402	1
BLACK OPS COLD WAS OFFICIAL REVEAL! (New Trailer Thoughts) youtu.be / 5YgBjhf96zY via @ YouTube I can't wait bro! I love the video and get a hype. @ RealThunder402	1
BLACK OPS COLD WAR OFFICIAL REVEAL! (New Trailer Thoughts) youtu.be / 5YgBj96zY via @ YouTube I can't wait bro! Love the video, getting me h. @ RealThunder402	1
BLACK OPS COLD WAR OFFICIAL RELEASE! (+ Trailer Available) youtu.be/5YgBjhf96zY via YouTube I can’t wait forever! Love the video, getting me hype.  @YouTube	1
BLACK OPS COLD WAR YOU OFFICIAL REVEAL! ( Brand New Trailer Thoughts ) youtu. May be / 5YgBjhf96zY via @YouTube And I really can just ’ t wait for bro! Love with the video, getting on me many hype. @RealThunder402	1
BLACK AND COLD WAR OFFICIAL TO! (New User Thoughts) youtu.be/5YgBjhf96zY 2 @YouTube I can’t relax bro! watch that video, want more hype. @RealThunder402	1
OH MY GODDD . 	0
OH MY GOD.	0
Oh MY GOD.	0
OH MY!.	0
Just OH MY GODDD.	0
OH MY LORD.	0
@CallofDuty @ATVIAssist apparently for some I cant seem to play   	0
@ CallofDuty @ ATVIAssist apparently for some I can't seem to play	0
@ CfDuty @ ATVIAssist apparently for someone I can't seem to play with	0
@CallofDuty @ATVIAssist apparently for some purpose cant seem to play	0
As @CallofDuty @ATVIAssist apparently for some I cant seem up to really play	0
@CallofDuty @ATVIAssist apparently for some I cant do a play	0
I wish Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War was coming out November 3rd instead. Cant wait	1
I wish Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War would come out on November 3 instead.	1
I'd like Call of Duty Black Ops The Cold War to be released on November 3 instead.	1
I wish Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War is coming out November 3rd instead. Cant wait	1
I almost wish Call of Duty Black Ops Cold Air War was coming out next November 3rd instead. YOU Cant wait	1
I wish Call of Duty Un Ops Cold War kept coming this November 3rd instead. Cant wait	1
I guess I should watch this since I am playing it tonight . 	1
I think I should watch it because I'm playing it tonight.	1
I think I should watch it as I play it tonight.	1
I guess I should watch this since I am streaming it tonight.	1
I guess I should watch after this since I guess am playing it tonight.	1
I guess I should tell this why I am playing it tonight.	1
Hooray for zombies  	1
Hooray for zombies	1
Hooray for the Zombies	1
Hooray - zombies	1
Hooray for killing zombies	1
Hooray no zombies	1
I made a crazy Cod Black Ops Cold War montage. I put a lot of effort into it and I’m sure you’ll love it🥺 youtu.be/XuIUNh1Sqbw	1
I made a crazy montage of Cold War cod black ops that I put a lot of effort into, and I'm sure you'll love it youtu.be / XuIUNh1Sqbw.	1
I made a crazy Cod Black Ops Cold War montage. I put a lot effort into it and I'm sure you'll love it youtu.be / XuIUNh1Sqbw	1
I made a new Cod Black Ops Dead Room montage. I put a lot of effort towards it and I’m sure you’ll agree it🥺 youtu.be/XuIUNh1Sqbw	1
I made for a crazy Cod Black Ops Cold Nations War montage. I put a lot of effort really into it and I wrote ’ 4 m sure that you miss ’ u ll love [UNK] youtu. TO be / XuIUNh1Sqbw	1
<unk> not a crazy Heavy Black or Cold War montage. I put a lot more care into everything and I’m sure you’ll love it<unk> youtu.be/XuIUNh1Sqbw	1
Only upped my FOV by 10 and can definitely feel the hit on my FPS. Have to bear in mind that the PS5 is going to be a different animal to my PS4. Loving the maps and the movement though. It's going to be lit when it's finished. . .  	1
I just increased my FOV by 10 and I definitely feel the impact on my FPS. You have to remember that the PS5 will be a different animal than my PS4. Nevertheless, I love the cards and the movement. It will light up when it is ready...	1
Only upped my FOV by 10 and can definitely feel the hit on my FPS. Have to bear in mind that the PS5 is going to be a different animal to my PS4. Loving the maps and the movement though. It's going to be light when it's finished.....	1
Only beats my FPS by 10 and can definitely feel the hit at my FPS. Have to bear in mind that the PS5 is going to be totally different animal to my liking. Loving the maps and the movement though. It's going to be lit when it's finished.. more	1
Well Only a upped my FOV by 10 mm and which can definitely feel the hit on my FPS. Have to bear in mind too that presumably the PS5 is going just to be a different animal to my PS4. Loving the maps better and the movement though. It'l s going to be lit red when it's finished...	1
I upped my FOV by 10 so can definitely feel the hit on my PSP. Have to have in mind that now PS5 is going to be a different animal to my PS4. Loving the maps that the movement though. Still's good to be lit when it's wanting...	1
Guys.. I'm fucking HYPED for  	1
Guys.. I'm fucking HYPIERED for	1
Guys.. I'm fucking HYPED for	1
Guys.. I'm fucking HYPED now	1
Guys.. I'm m really fucking HYPED for	1
Guys.. I'm fucking HYPED with	1
This looks amazing! Have high hopes for this.. considering how shite the recent mw/warzone is. .   	1
This looks amazing! Have high hopes of this. considering how shite is the youngest mw / warzone.	1
It looks amazing! Have high hopes for this.. given how bad the recent mw / warzone is...	1
This looks amazing! Have massive hopes for Andromeda considering how shite the recent mw/warzone is..	1
... This still looks amazing! Have high national hopes only for this.. considering how awful shite the recent mw / warzone is..	1
This looks good! Have high regard for this.. the just shite the recent mw/warzone is..	1
sniping actually looks good i’m surprised 🥺	1
Sniper actually looks good, I'm surprised	1
sniping actually looks good, I'm surprised	1
sniping actually looks awkward i’m surprised 🥺	1
sniping actually never looks good i still ’ m surprised [UNK]	1
sniping actually looked cute i’m surprised <unk>	1
Fuck. This.	0
Shit.	0
Fuck. This.	0
Fuck. That.	0
... Fuck. This.	0
Fuck.<unk>.	0
So I played the Black Ops Cold War Alpha last weekend and wanted to share some thoughts on @YouTube . . I'm not happy with what I played!. . youtu.be/lfyudVRmQDU. .  	1
So last weekend I played the Black Ops Cold War Alpha and wanted to share some thoughts on @ YouTube.. I'm not happy with what I played!.. youtu.be / lfyudVRmQDU..	1
So I played Black Ops Cold War last weekend and wanted to share some thoughts on @ YouTube... I'm not happy with what I played!.. youtu.be / lfyudVRmQDU...	1
So I played Marvel Black Ops Cold War Alpha last weekend and wanted to share some perspective on them.. I'm not happy with what I played!. of youtu.be/lfyudVRmQDU..	1
So I recently played the Black Ops in Cold War Alpha last weekend before and immediately wanted to share in some fresh thoughts on @YouTube.. I'am m not but happy anymore with what part I played!.. youtu. be / lfyudVRmQDU..	1
So he played the Black Ops on Zero Alpha last night and decided to share some feelings on @YouTube.. I'm extremely happy with what he played!.. youtu.be/lfyudVRmQDU..	1
What’s your favorite class? 🤔 . . Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War | This Is Now The Best Class Ever! buff.ly/3dSaOMk. .  	1
What is your favorite class?... Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War | This Is Now The Best Class Ever! buff.ly / 3dSaOMk..	1
What's your favorite class?.. Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War... This is Now The Best Class Ever! buff.ly / 3dSaOMk..	1
What’s your favorite class?!.. Call of Call: Black Ops Cold Cube | This Is Now The Best Class Ever! buff.ly/3dSaOMk. gif	1
So What ’ ya s really your favorite class? [UNK].. Call of Honor Duty : Black Ops Cold War | If This Is Now As The Best Class... Ever! buff. info ly / 3dSaOMk..	1
What’s his favorite class? <unk>.. Call<unk> Duty: Black Death Cold Base | This Feeling Like The Best Class Ever! buff.ly/3dSaOMk..	1
tell em bout that broken slide!!!	0
Tell em battle that broken slide!!!	0
Tell them that the slide has broken!!!	0
tell em all that broken slide!!!	0
tell em bout at that broken slide!!!	0
<unk> em bout that broken slide!!!	0
it's trash.  	0
It's garbage.	0
it's trash.	0
it's awesome.	0
But it's trash.	0
it's a.	0
man i’m actually excited for Black Ops Cold War. like i’m actually gonna play campaign for the first since Ghost. that’s how excited i am	1
Man, I'm really excited for Black Ops Cold War. Like I'm playing a campaign for the first time since Ghost. So excited am I	1
man i'm actually excited for Black Ops Cold War. like i'm actually gonna play campaign for the first since Ghost. that's how excited i am	1
man i’m actually excited play Black Ops Cold War. damn i’m actually gonna play campaign for the first since Ghost. that’s how excited a am	1
old man i ’ m actually excited for Black Ops Cold War. s like i ’ wa m actually gonna the play campaign for the USA first place since Ghost. that ’ s how excited i am	1
man i’m actually excited for Black Ops Cold War. like i’m up gonna start campaign for the first since when. So how scared i am	1
This game don’t make any sense  	0
This game doesn't make sense	0
This game doesn't make any sense	0
This game don’t make any mistakes	0
This game don ’ t make any fucking sense	0
football game don’t make any sense	0
Can't be more excited for the new  . youtube.com/watch?v=_v6vaJ…	1
t be more excited for news. youtube.com / watch? v = _ v6vaJ...	1
Can't be more excited for the new. youtube.com / watch? v = _ v6vaJ...	1
Can't be more happy for the new .<unk>.com/watch?v=_v6vaJ…	1
And Can't be more so excited simply for the new. From youtube. de com / watch? v = _ v6vaJ …	1
Can't be so pleased in you new. youtube.com/watch?v=_v6vaJ...	1
I'm sorry I can't imagine giving a shit in this the year of our lord 2020	0
I'm sorry I can't imagine doing a shit in this year of our Lord 2020	0
I'm sorry I can't imagine giving a shit in this the year of our lord 2020	0
I'm sorry I can't imagine giving a shit in being the year of our lord 2020	0
I'm sorry I actually can't imagine myself giving a single shit though in this the year of our lord 2020	0
I'm sorry they can't imagine showing a shit in this the year of our for 2020	0
@Treyarch I pre-ordered black ops cold War and it won't let me play the beta	0
@ Treyarch I've pre-ordered Black Ops Cold War and it won't let me play the beta	0
@ Treyarch I pre-ordered black ops Cold War and it won't let me play the beta	0
@Treyarch I honor-ordered black ops cold War and it won't let me play via beta	0
Jeremy @Treyarch I pre - ordered black ops cold before War Games and it won't let even me play the beta	0
@Treyarch I pre-ordered black ops cold order and it couldn't let me play through beta	0
It’s official I’m hyped .   	1
It's official that I'm being hyped up.	1
It's official, I'm hypnotized.	1
It’s official as hyped.	1
It ’ s s official so I ’ m hyped.	1
It’s that I’m hyped.	1
Cant wait	1
Can't wait	1
Cant wait	1
Cant<unk>	1
It Cant wait	1
Cant Tell	1
I was just talking about this on my stream I was, I was talking about when it would be released and if it was delayed with the world's current situation.  	1
I just talked about it in the stream I just had, I talked about when it would be released and whether it would be delayed with the current situation in the world.	1
I was just talking about it in my stream, I was talking about when it would be released and whether it would be postponed because of the current situation in the world.	1
I was just thinking about this on video stream which was, I was talking about when it would be released and if it was delayed with the world's current situation.	1
I was just talking seriously about this on which my stream I was, I was talking about when it would be safely released and if it was delayed together with the world'i s current current situation.	1
I were just talking about depending on my stream this was, I was talking about when it would be released and if it were delayed with my world's current situation.	1
This would be an awesome birthday girft for @LostMyFox1 and myself. Figers crossed for an xbox copy.	1
That would be a great birthday present for @ LostMyFox1 and me.	1
It would have been an amazing birthday for @ LostMyFox1 and me.	1
This would be an awesome birthday presents for @LostMyFox1 and myself. Figers asking for an xbox copy.	1
This would be called an awesome birthday girft celebration for @LostMyFox1 and myself. the Figers crossed for an online xbox copy.	1
is would be an awesome birthday girft for @LostMyFox1 and myself. Figers crossed for something affordable copy.	1
Fuck sleep. Gotta watch the reveal trailer for COD black ops cold War later at 1am. pic.twitter.com/qOStNZf1pz	1
Watch the revealing trailer for COD black ops cold war later at 1am. pic.twitter.com / qOStNZf1pz	1
Fuck sleep. Watch the trailer for the Cold War movie "Black Hole" later in 1am. pic.wikipedia.org / qOStNZf1pz	1
Fuck sleep. Gotta watch the reveal trailer for COD black ops cold War later at 1am. pic.twitter.com/qOStNZf1pz	1
J Fuck sleep. Gotta watch the reveal trailer for COD black ops cold War later at 1am. pic.twitter.com/qOStNZf1pz	1
to	1
Am I the only one who thinks Black Ops Cold War kill notifications/health bars look incredibly distracting? Maybe make them 50% smaller and change the color to something else that is not white.	0
Am I the only one who thinks that Black Ops kill notifications / health bars are incredibly distracting? Make them maybe 50% smaller and change the color to something else that is not white.	0
Maybe make them 50% smaller and change color to something other than white?	0
Am I the only one just thinks Black Ops Cold War kill notifications/health bars look incredibly bad? Maybe make them 50% smaller just change the color to something else that is not white.	0
Am I the only one who obviously thinks these Black Ops Cold War kill notifications / health bars look rather incredibly distracting? 65 Maybe make them 50 % the smaller and... change the color to something else that clearly is so not white.	0
Am I then only one who thinks Black Ops Cold drinks party notifications/health bars look too distracting? Maybe make them look smaller and change the color of something else that is not white.	0
Nice little Pellington clip. The sniping in Cold War is so satisfying. .  	1
Cute little Pellington clip: Cold War snipers are so satisfying.	1
Nice little clip of Pellington. Cold War sniping is so nice...	1
Nice little Pellington clip. The sniping in Cold Brew is so satisfying..	1
Nice as little Pellington clip. The sniping campaign in Cold War Germany is so satisfying..	1
Nice little movie clip. Your sniping through Cold War is so satisfying..	1
No Search and Destroy? Wow!	1
No search and destruction? Wow!	1
No Search and Destruction? Oops!	1
No Search and Destroy? Welcome!	1
No Search and Destroy? « Wow!	1
No<unk> and Destroy? Wow!	1
Score Streaks are the worst thing to happen in Black Ops Cold War . 	0
Score streaks are the worst thing that can happen in Black Ops Cold War.	0
Strikes are the worst thing that can happen in a cold war between blacks and whites.	0
Score Streaks are the worst thing to happen in Spec Ops Cold War.	0
Score Streaks they are the worst thing to happen even in Black Square Ops Cold War.	0
<unk> Streaks are the worst thing to happen in Black Ops Cold Sea.	0
@Xfinity The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in the e-mail sent early this morning doesn't work... pic.twitter.com/6GEVf2xCtx	0
@ Xfinity The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in the email that will be sent this morning does not work... pic.twitter.com / 6GEVf2xCtx	0
@ Xfinity The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in an email sent in the early morning does not work... pic.wikipedia.org / 6GE2xCtx	0
RhandlerR The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in the e-mail sent early this morning doesn't work... pic.twitter.com/6GEVf2xCtx	0
The RhandlerR The Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War open beta link in the e-mail sent early this morning doesn't work... pic.twitter.com/6GEVf2xCtx	0
I	0
The weapons in  	1
	1
	1
The irony in	1
6 The weapons in	1
The Hole in	1
Now that’s cool asf, campaign seems to be shaping up pretty nicely twitter.com/charlieINTEL/s…	1
Well that's cool asf, campaign seems to be developing pretty well twitter.com / charlieINTEL / s...	1
Now that is cool, the campaign seems to be gathering momentum.	1
Now that’s cool asf, campaign seems to be shaping up pretty nicely twitter.com/charlieINTEL/s…	1
and Now that’s cool asf, campaign seems to be shaping up pretty nicely twitter.com/charlieINTEL/s…	1
all	1
looks ass ngl	0
looks ass ngl	0
It looks stunning.	0
looks / ngl	0
looks ass w ngl	0
looks pretty ngl	0
Really enjoyed the event in  	1
Really enjoyed the event in	1
Really enjoyed the event in	1
Really putting the event in	1
Really you enjoyed the event in	1
Really enjoyed the event about	1
That was hands down.....the most incredible in-game event/game reveal...I’ve ever experienced. This absolutely trashed ANYTHING Fortnite did in game... wow I wish I had been streaming this .   	1
That was the most incredible revelation in a game... I've ever experienced. It absolutely destroyed EVERYTHING Fortnite did in the game... wow, I wish I had streamed that.	1
It was the most incredible in-game event / game I've ever experienced. It's absolutely devastating ANYTHING that Onita did in the game... it's a pity I didn't broadcast it live.	1
That was hands down.....the greatest incredible in-game event/game reveal...I’ve really experienced. This absolutely exceeded ANYTHING we did in game... wow I wish I had been streaming this.	1
That was hands down..... the 2nd most truly incredible in - life game event / game reveal... I would ’ ve ever experienced. This absolutely amazing trashed ANYTHING Fortnite video did in game... wow and I so wish I even had been actually streaming this.	1
That get my down.....the seriously incredible in-game ending/game reveal...I’ve ever experienced. This absolutely trashed ANYTHING Fortnite had in 2010... wow I wish I had kids at this.	1
Sniper look smooth af on blackops cold war thank God.  	1
Snipers, thank goodness, look slick on Blackops in the Cold War.	1
Snipers look smooth on Cold War blackouts, thank God.	1
Sniper look completely af on blackops cold war thank God.	1
Sniper look smooth af on what blackops cold as war thank fucking God.	1
Sniper look smooth af on your cold war thank you.	1
The base weapons of black ops Cold War are so ass 🥴	0
Cold War Black Ops' basic weapons are so good	0
Cold War Black Hawk's Basic Weapon Is a So-called "ass"	0
The cyber weapons of black ops Cold War are so ass 🥴	0
T The defense base weapons of black ops Cold War are so ass [UNK]	0
The base weapons of black ops Cold War Not so good <unk>	0
Just some fun!  	1
Just a bit of fun!	1
Just some fun!	1
Just some love!	1
the Just some fun!	1
Just some pictures!	1
A Win for Verdansk's finest.. . "Mil-sim". .  	1
A win for the best Gdansk.. "Mil-sim."	1
Winning shot: Wernblum (Milesim).	1
A Win for Verdansk's Russia. "Mil-sim"..	1
After A Quick Win for Verdansk'man s finest... " Lord Mil - sim "..	1
A Song for Dave's Dream... "Mil-sim"..	1
I am beyond excited for black ops cold war.	1
I'm more than excited for the Cold War.	1
I am not enthusiastic about the Cold War.	1
I am particularly excited for black ops cold war.	1
Now I myself am beyond excited for black ops cold war.	1
I is beyond excited for black ops cold war.	1
I just realized look how fucking big that map is my nigga	1
I just realized how damn big this map is my ebony	1
I just realized look how fucking big that map is my nigga	1
I just realized look how fucking big your map is my nigga	1
and I also just realized look how fucking big that map is my nigga	1
I get realized is how fucking big that map is my nigga	1
i cant wait man, i just hope it’s a good cod	1
I can't wait, man, I just hope it's a good cod	1
i cant wait man, i just hope it's a good cod	1
i cant wait man, i just hope it’s a good cod	1
i cant wait man, say i just... hope it ’ s a good good cod	1
i gonna wait man, i just hope up a good cod	1
 	0
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.	0
At the same time, despite the fact that there are currently some 100 million people living below the poverty line, most of them do not have access to health services and do not have access to health care, while most of them do not have access to health care.	0
	0
	0
	0
Still my favorite CoD teaser EVER! 🥰. twitter.com/Call0fDutyWiki…	1
Still my favorite CoD teaser EVER!. twitter.com / Call0fDutyWiki...	1
Still my favorite CoD teaser EVER!.	1
Still my favorite CoD teaser EVER! 🥰. twitter.com/Call0fDutyWiki…	1
IBM Still my favorite CoD teaser EVER! 🥰. twitter.com/Call0fDutyWiki…	1
how	1
Wtf	0
Wtf	0
Wtf	0
Wtf	0
with Wtf	0
not	0
Yikes. I have to pay more to play on both consoles? Fuck man.  	0
Yikes. I have to pay more to play on both consoles? Fuck man.	0
Yes, do I have to pay more to play on both consoles?	0
Yikes. I have it pay more to play on both consoles? Fuck man.	0
Yikes. I have decided to pay you more to play on both consoles? Mr Fuck man.	0
Yikes. you have to pay more to play the both consoles? Fuck man.	0
Holy Fucking Shit!!! Yes!!!!	0
Holy shit!!! Yes!!!!	0
Holy Fucking Shit!!! Yes!!!	0
Holy Holy Shit!!! Yes!!!!	0
Holy Fucking Jesus Shit!!! Oh Yes!!!!	0
Holy Fucking Shit!!! At	0
This looks really cool	1
This looks really cool	1
It looks very cool	1
This looks kinda cool	1
This kid looks really cool	1
This way really cool	1
So the black ops cold war stream lady night was a busy due to technical issues, still played it off camera and enjoyed every second of it. I haven't had this much fun in a cod game since ww2.	1
So Black Ops Cold War Stream Lady Night was very busy due to technical problems, still playing it off camera and enjoying every second of it. I haven't had that much fun playing cod since WW2.	1
So the evening of "The Lady from the Cold War" was busy due to technical problems, still playing behind the camera and enjoying every second.	1
So the black ops cold war on lady night was REALLY busy due have technical issues, still played it off camera and enjoyed every second of it. I haven't had this awesome fun in a cod game since ww2.	1
So the global black ops cold war stream our lady night was a busy due to various technical security issues, as still much played it off camera repeatedly and enjoyed every last second of... it. I haven't had this much fun in a cod game since ww2.	1
So the black ops cold war stream lady night took a busy due to technical issues, still played top off online and enjoy every bit of it. I haven't had this emotional participation in a cod game since ww2.	1
It’s Xbox Early Access day! We can’t wait to play! . .  	1
It's Xbox Early Access Day! We can't wait to play!.	1
It's Xbox Early Access day! We can't wait to play!...	1
It’s Xbox Early Game day! We can’t wait to play!.<unk>	1
It it ’ s Xbox Early Access day! You We can say ’ t wait to play!..	1
It’s still Early One day! We could wait to play!..	1
Perfect	1
Perfect	1
Perfect	1
Perfect	1
Perfect Perfect	1
your	1
Mfs getting excited for theatre mode on cold war when black ops 3 and black ops 4 had one and none yall did shit with it . 	1
Mfs who got excited for Cold War theatrical mode when Black Ops 3 and Black Ops 4 had one and nobody was doing shit with it.	1
Mfs aroused the theater regime during the Cold War, when black ops 3 and black ops 4 had one and not a single yall did a shit with it.	1
Mfs getting excited for discussion mode on cold war when black ops 3 and black ops 4 had one and none yall did shit with it<unk>	1
Mfs getting excited for combat theatre mode on cold war when black ops 3 killed and as black ops 4 had one victim and none who yall did shit with was it.	1
Mfs getting sucked for survival mode on cold war with black ops 3 and black ops 4 created something and none yall did shit with it.	1
THANK YOU! . 	1
THANK YOU!.	1
THANK YOU!.	1
THANK A!.	1
I THANK YOU!.	1
THANK WHO!.	1
I get to share with the first game I've gotten a to work on. I'm happy to announce that I was part of the dev team on Black Ops Cold War. Mad props to everyone who worked with me on this and organized the Warzone reveal!  . youtube.com/watch?v=aTS9n_…	1
I am pleased to announce that I was part of the development team of Black Ops Cold War. Crazy props for everyone who worked with me on it and organized the Warzone unveiling!. youtube.com / watch? v = aTS9n _...	1
I get to share with the first game I've gotten a to work on. I'm happy to announce that I was part of the dev team on Black Ops Cold War. Mad props to everyone who worked with me on this and organized the Warzone reveal!. youtube.com / watch? v = aTS9n _...	1
I get to share with the first game you gotten a to work on. Im happy to announce that I was president of this dev team on Black Ops Cold blood. Mad props to everyone who worked with me on this work organized the Warzone reveal! . youtube.com/watch?v=aTS9n_…	1
I get to share with the first Xbox game I've gotten a to work on. and I'end m happy to announce that I always was part of the con dev team on Black Ops Cold War. Bowling Mad props down to everyone... who worked with me on this game and organized the Warzone reveal!. youtube. com / your watch? v = aTS9n _ …	1
I want to share with the first game that've gotten a writer work on. I'm here to announce that he was part over the dev team on Black Ops Cold War. Mad props off everyone who worked with Alex on this and got the Warzone in!. youtube.com/watch?v=aTS9n_...	1
wtf is cold war man just remaster black ops 2 already	0
wtf is cold war man just remaster black ops 2 already	0
wtf is the Cold War man who just released Black Hawk 2	0
wtf is cold war y just remaster black ops 2 already	0
wtf is that cold war man just remaster of black market ops 2 already	0
wtf is cold war man just remaster<unk> ops by already	0
Hell yeah!	0
Hell, yes!	0
Good morning and welcome!	0
Hell no!	0
Hell oh yeah!	0
Hell You!	0
So CoD:Black Ops Cold War is gonna be ass? @RealThunder402 where are we dropping at?	0
So CoD: Black Ops Cold War will be an ass? @ RealThunder402 Where do we fall?	0
So CoD: Black Ops Cold War is gonna be ass? @ RealThunder402 where are we dropping at?	0
So CoD:Black Ops Cold War<unk> gonna be ass? @RealThunder402 where were we dropping at?	0
So CoD : And Black Circle Ops thinks Cold War is gonna be ass? @RealThunder402 to where are we dropping at?	0
So CoD:Black American Global War is gonna our ass? @RealThunder402 where are we dropping at?	0
wow they really went for realism	1
Wow, they really opted for realism	1
it is a pity that they really went for realism	1
wow they always went for realism	1
wow they really went just for realism	1
wow they really went into realism	1
Best Game So Far  	1
Best game so far	1
The best game so far	1
Best Review So Far	1
2009 Best Game So Far	1
The Game So Far	1
Vehicles look super annoying.  	0
Vehicles look super annoying.	0
Looks super irritating.	0
Vehicles are super annoying.	0
Vehicles do look super annoying.	0
Vehicles got super annoying.	0
That in game event was one of the coolest so far. Not only was it like an open space you could interact with, but actually playing the game and running around the map and “solving the mystery” was so much fun. Cannot wait for Black Ops Cold War.	1
Not only was it like an open space to interact with, but actually it was so much fun to play the game, run around on the map and "solve the puzzle." I can't wait for Black Ops Cold War.	1
It was one of the coolest events in the game so far. Not only was it like an open space to interact with, but actually playing the game and running around the map and "solving the mystery" was so much fun.	1
That in game event was one of the coolest so far. Not only was it like an open space you really interact with, but people playing the game and running behind the map and “solving the mystery” is so much fun. Cannot wait for Black Hole Cold War.	1
That in game video event was one of the coolest so therefore far. Not only just was it like such an open space you everywhere could interact with, but actually playing the game... and running around the map and “ solving out the mystery ” was so much fun. Cannot always wait for your Black Jet Ops Cold War.	1
That in game event was when I fan coolest so ever. Why only was it like an open space you could interact with, but actually playing the game and running underneath the map and discovering the mystery” was so more fun. Cannot wait for Black Ops Cold War.	1
I’m actually kinda hype for this .. there hasn’t been an actual “BIG OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENTS” from a Big Gaming Franchise for a while now in my opinion ..	1
I'm actually a bit hype for it.. I don't think there's been any "BIG OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENTS" from a big gaming franchise for a while now.	1
I'm actually kinda hfor this.. there hasn't been a actual "BIG OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENTS" from a Big Gaming franchise for a while now in my opinion..	1
I’m actually kinda game for this.. there hasn’t come ANY extended “BIG OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENTS” from a Big Gaming Franchise for a while now in my opinion..	1
And I ’ m actually kinda crazy hype for this.. there hasn ’ t been an actual “ BIG OFFICIAL AS ANNOUNCEMENTS until ” apart from meeting a Big Gaming Franchise for and a while right now in getting my scientific opinion..	1
<unk> personally kinda picking for itself.. there hasn’t been an actual “BIG OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENTS” from a Big Big Franchise for a while back in our opinion..	1
@CallofDuty y’all really fucked up Black Ops Cold War lmao get ready for a flop	0
@ CallofDuty y'all really fucked Black Ops cold war lmao get ready for a flop	0
@ CfDuty y'all really fucked up Black Ops Cold War lmao get ready for a flop	0
@CallofDuty<unk> really fucked up Black Ops Cold War movie get ready for a flop	0
with @CallofDuty y u ’ all really fucked up Black Ops Cold War lmao i get ready for... a flop	0
@CallofDuty y’all really up off Black Ops Cold War lmao get ready get that flop	0
This shit is about to be so hard isn’t it	0
This shit gets so hard, right?	0
This shit is about to be so hard isn't it	0
This job is about to be so hard isn’t it	0
This boy shit is about to be so hard isn... ’ t it	0
This shit is about on be so hard isn’t it	0
Can we keep warzone as the COD br and consistently update that and then just focus on multiplayer for this year pls. Multiplayer is now suffering because of the focus on br in the last two games	0
Can we keep Warzone as COD br and update it consistently and then just focus on multiplayer for this year? Multiplayer now suffers from the focus on br in the last two games.	0
Can we keep warzone as COD br and update it consistently, and then just focus on the multiplayer this year pls. The multiplayer is now suffering because of the focus on br in the last two games.	0
Can we keep warzone as my COD br ll consistently update that and then just focus to multiplayer for this year pls. Multiplayer is now suffering because of the focus only br in the last two games	0
Can we keep warzone open as for the COD br and very consistently update that engine and then just focus back on multiplayer for this year more pls. Multiplayer is now suffering further because of the focus on br in over the last two games	0
Can we keep warzone as the COD br and simply update that and then just focus in multiplayer for this year pls. Multiplayer is being suffering because of low impact on br in the last 15 games	0
Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step down from Modern Warfare. There's no double time or leaning, it feels dated, the gunplay is slow, the sounds are meh and weak in comparison.	0
Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step back from Modern Warfare. There is no double time or inclination, it feels old fashioned, the gun game is slow, the sounds are meh and weak compared to it.	0
Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step away from Modern Warfare. There's no double time or tilt, it seems outdated, the game is slow, the sounds meh and weak by comparison.	0
Black Ops Cold Game is definitely a step down from Constant Warfare. There's no double time or leaning, it reads dated, the gunplay is slow, the sounds are meh and weak of comparison.	0
Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step down completely from Modern Ground Warfare. There'isn s no double time shooting or leaning, it just feels so dated, the gunplay is slow, the sounds are pretty meh shit and weak in comparison.	0
Black Ops Cold War is definitely a step over from Modern West. The's no forward time or leaning, it feels dated, the gunplay is slow, your sounds are meh and weak in comparison.	0
Why am I excited about a Call of Duty game what the fuck	0
Why am I excited about a Call of Duty game, what the hell?	0
Why I'm excited about Call of Duty game that fuck	0
Why am<unk> excited about a Call of Duty game what the fuck	0
32 Why am I excited about a Call of Duty game what that the fuck	0
Why NOT I excited about a Call of Duty game what the fuck	0
Black Ops is coming out soon and I’ve been having major Cold War Era vibes and I love every second of it.	1
Black Ops is coming out soon and I have great Cold War-era vibes and I love every second of it.	1
Black Ops is coming out soon and I had great Cold War era Era vibes and I love every second of them.	1
Black Ops is coming out soon and I’ve been having major Cold War Era vibes and I love every day watching it.	1
Black Ops is coming out soon and I ’ « ve been having major Cold War Korean Era revolutionary vibes and how I love every second of doing it.	1
Night Ops is coming out soon and I’ve been in major Cold War theater vibes and I love each second of it.	1
DON’t be FUCKEN LATE	1
Don't be damned if you're late	1
DO NOT BE FUCCEN PERMANENT	1
DON’t be FUCKEN …	1
AND DON ’ t yet be FUCKEN LATE	1
DON’t be FUCKEN TO	1
Here we go . 	1
So far, so good.	1
Here we go.	1
Here we go >>>	1
Here we must go.	1
Here we sit.	1
 	0
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.	0
At the same time, despite the fact that there are currently some 100 million people living below the poverty line, most of them do not have access to health services and do not have access to health care, while most of them do not have access to health care.	0
	0
	0
	0
This game sucks  	0
	0
This game sucks	0
This game history	0
This Football game sucks	0
This game in	0
Soooo Cold War beta tonight on xbox .  I enjoyed it on Ps4 but can't wait to play on xbox .   	1
Soooo Cold War Beta tonight on Xbox. I enjoyed it on Ps4, but can't wait to play on Xbox.	1
Soooo Cold War beta tonight on xbox. I enjoyed it on Ps4 but can't wait to play on xbox.	1
Soooo Cold War beta tonight on xbox TV  I enjoyed it on Ps4 but can't wait to go on xbox.	1
Soooo Cold War Games beta was tonight on xbox. But I enjoyed it on Ps4 but you can'5 t wait to play on xbox.	1
finished Cold War beta tonight using xbox. I finished it on Ps4 but can't wait to play on Xbox.	1
Wow	1
Wow	1
Wow	1
Wow	1
and Wow	1
Wow	1
Fuck y’all	0
Fuck y'all	0
Fuck y'all	0
Fuck you	0
Fuck y from ’ all	0
Fuck y’all	0
Worst way to die in the  	0
The worst way to die in the world	0
The Worst Way to Die in	0
Worst way to die among the	0
Worst way to die in America the	0
the way to die in the	0
dont do this please	0
Please don't do that	0
dont do this please	0
dont do this again	0
dont do about this please	0
dont buy this please	0
"Strong SBMM". Yep, this is going to be the worst CoD multiplayer.. You're taking barely functional networking from Treyarch, and adding something that makes the networking worse.. It's already ruining MW's networking, and that's from Infinity Ward.	0
"Strong SBMM." Yes, this will be the worst CoD multiplayer... You take barely functioning networks from Treyarch and add something that makes the networking even worse... It's already ruining the networking of MW, and that's from Infinity Ward.	0
"Strong SBMM." Yep, this is going to be the worst CoD multiplayer.. You're taking hard functional networking from Treyarch, and adding something that makes the networking worse.. It's already ruining MW's networking, and that's from Infinity Ward.	0
"Strong SBMM". Yep, this is going to be the worst CoD multiplayer.. You're taking barely stable networking from PC, and adding it obviously makes the networking worse.. and already ruining MW's networking, and that's from Infinity Ward.	0
" Strong SBMM ". 2 Yep, this is going to probably be the worst CoD multiplayer.. You'about re taking barely functional networking from Treyarch, and adding something inside that just makes the social networking worse.. It's already ruining the MW's networking, right and that's came from Infinity Control Ward.	0
"Strong SBMM". Yep, this is going to represent the worst CoD multiplayer.. You're taking even functional networking out Treyarch, were adding something that makes only networking worse.. It's have disabled anyone's networking, and that's from Crystal Junction.	0
Say goodbye to your 825 GB on PS5. It’s all gonna be gone after this	0
Say goodbye to your 825 GB on the PS5. After that it's all over	0
Say goodbye to your 825 GB on PS5. It's all gone to be gone after this	0
Say goodbye to your 825 GB on PS5. It’s all just go gone after this	0
No Say proper goodbye to your old 825 GB cell on PS5. It ’ s all gonna be gone after this	0
Say goodbye from your 825 GB Toshiba PS5. It’s just gonna be gone after this	0
Beautiful graphics - I loved the first Black Ops.	0
Nice graphics - I loved the first Black Ops.	0
I liked the first Black Ops.	0
Beautiful graphics - I loved the awesome Black Ops.	0
Beautiful graphics - I had loved purchasing the first Black Ops.	0
D graphics - I loved the first Black Ops.	0
Fuck this game already	0
Fuck this game	0
Fuck this game already	0
Fuck this game now	0
Fuck this game over already	0
Fuck this I already	0
my pc is crying	0
My PC is crying	0
my pc is crying	0
my child is crying	0
Immediately my pc is crying	0
my pc is on	0
The menu looks so nice. I just dont understand why people thought CW would gets its own BR. They literally said its going to cross over to Warzone. The Cold War coming. . . .. .. .. .  	1
The menu looks so nice. I just don't understand why people thought CW would get its own BR. They literally said it would go into the war zone.	1
I just don't understand why people thought the CW would get its own weapons. They literally said it would go to Warzone.	1
The menu looks kinda nice. I just dont understand why they thought CW would gets its own BR. It literally said its going a cross over to Warzone. The Cold War coming..........	1
The drinks menu looks so nice. I mean just kinda dont understand why people thought Your CW Worldwide would gets its own BR. They literally said its never going to cross over over to THE Warzone. The big Cold War coming..........	1
The menu looks so nice. I just dont understand why everyone thought CW would gets its its BR. They just said its hard to cross it with Warzone. The Blood War coming..........	1
@Treyarch any possibility of updating blackout to be cross platform? It doesn’t even have to be on the new game. I think it would be a great idea for people not into warzone. A ton of bigger streamers also prefer it.  	0
@ Treyarch any way to update Blackout to be cross-platform? It doesn't even have to be on the new game. I think it would be a great idea for people who aren't in war zones. A ton of bigger streamers prefer it too.	0
@ Treyarch any opportunity of updating blackout to be cross platform? It doesn't even have to be on the new game. I think it would be a great idea for people not into warzone. A ton of bigger streamers also prefer it.	0
@Treyarch = possibility of updating blackout to be cross platform? It doesn’t even have to be of the new game. I think it would be its great idea for people not into warzone. A part of bigger streamers might prefer it.	0
Was @Treyarch any possibility of updating blackout hardware to be cross platform? It doesn ’ t even have to be on the new simulation game. But I think it sure would be a great fun idea for people not into this warzone. A stuff ton of bigger paper streamers also would prefer it.	0
@Treyarch any possibility of updating blackout to the cross platform? It doesn’t even have to interact on the actual game. Just think it would be a great idea for people not into warzone. Got ton of cool streamers also support it.	0
Lowkey hyped for cold war, campaign is something i cant wait to play! Who else is hyped!?  	1
Casually hyped up for the Cold War, I can hardly wait to play election campaign! Who else is hyped up!?	1
It is not the first time that I have been asked to do this, but it is the first time that I have been asked to do it.	1
Lowkey hyped for cold war, campaign is something i cant wait to hear! Who else is playing	1
Lowkey hyped for cold war, its campaign is basically something i cant fucking wait to learn play! that Who else is hyped!?	1
all hyped for cold war, campaign is something i cant wait let start! Who else is hyped!?	1
Let's hope @Treyarch do something to remove the racist and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War since @InfinityWard don't seem to give a shit	0
Let's hope @ Treyarch does something to eliminate the racist and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War, because @ InfinityWard doesn't seem to care.	0
Let's hope @ Treyarch does something to remove racist and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War, because @ InfinityWard doesn't seem to give a shit	0
Let's have @Treyarch do something to remove the racist and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War since @InfinityWard don't seem to know a fig	0
But Let's hope @Treyarch do something to remove the racist verbal and other hateful language encountered in Black IT Ops Cold War since obviously @InfinityWard don'd t seem to give a shit	0
Let's hope in doing something to remove the black and hateful language in Black Ops Cold War since @Treyarch don't like to fuck a shit	0
This looks dope!!	1
This looks stupid!!	1
It looks like doping!!	1
This was dope!!	1
This baby looks dope!!	1
This looks like	1
Can't wait to lick the Gipper's boots with my sick waifu gun skin. 	1
I can't wait to lick the Gipper's boots with my sick Waifu pistol skin.	1
I can't wait for the Hipper boots with my sore waist.	1
Can't wait to lick the Gipper's face with my sick waifu gun skin.	1
2 Can't t wait to lick the Gipper's hiking boots with my sick waifu dog gun skin.	1
couldn't wait<unk> lick the Gipper's boots with my sick waifu black skin.	1
Randomly went for this at the end of the game. Man I’ve missed this game..   	1
Coincidentally went for this at the end of the game. Man, I missed this game.	1
Randomly went for this at the end of the game. Man I've missed this game.	1
Randomly went for 20 at the end of every game. Man I’ve missed this game..	1
Randomly went for this at the end of the final game. Man has I ’ why ve already missed this game..	1
Randomly went for this towards the end of the tutorial. Man completely missed this game..	1
I can’t wait to play the beta this weekend! Oh wait.... . I have an Xbox. . . Never mind.	1
I can't wait to play the beta this weekend! Oh wait.... I have an Xbox... Never mind.	1
I can't wait to play the beta this weekend! Oh wait..... I have an Xbox... Never mind.	1
I can’t wait to play the beta this weekend! Oh …. I have to Xbox... Never mind.	1
So I can ’ t wait to play the beta this weekend! of Oh wait..... may I have an Xbox... or Never my mind.	1
I really wait to do the beta the weekend! Oh wait..... I have the Xbox... Never mind.	1
Fast, frenetic action. Fluid movement. Fan-favorite weaponry. Rock-solid game mechanics..  . This is  	1
Fast, frantic action. Fluent movements. Fans "favourite weapons. Solid game mechanics...	1
Fast, enchanting action. Liquid movement.	1
Fast, frenetic action. Intelligent movement. Fan-favorite graphics. Rock-solid game mechanics.. . This is	1
Fast, frenetic action. With Fluid internal movement. Fan - favorite weaponry. Punk Rock - influenced solid game building mechanics... This is	1
Fast, instant action. Fine movement. Fan-favorite weaponry. State-solid game mechanics... all is	1
this is gonna be the best COD in years just watch	1
This will be the best COD in years	1
this is gonna be the best COD in years just watch	1
this is gonna be the best COD in years lol watch	1
this is gonna be the best COD in seventeen years just you watch	1
this is surely be the best COD in years just watch	1
go on cod for 30 mins and you will be called every slur imagineable and see three users with the n word in their screenname but yeah! nb war criminals	0
Go on cod for 30 minutes and you'll be called every conceivable slur and see three users with the n-word in their first name, but yeah! nb	0
Go on cod for 30 minutes and you'll be called every imaginary slur and see three users with the n-word in their script, but not war criminals.	0
go on cod for 30 mins and ye will be called every slur r and see three users with the n word in their screenname but yeah! nb<unk> criminals	0
go on cod board for 30 mins and you will be called for every slur imagineable and see you three users with just the 5 n word in to their screenname and but yeah! nb war criminals	0
go on cod for 30 mins and you will be called your nickname imagineable we see three users with the n a in their screenname so yeah! nb war criminals	0
Cool cover art	1
Cool cover art	1
Cool cover art	1
Cool photo art	1
Cool Press cover art	1
the cover art	1
The recent Warzone and Modern Warfare patch has leaked tons of Black Ops: Cold War details including singleplayer campaign description, editions, and potential release date.  . .  	0
The latest patch for Warzone and Modern Warfare has leaked tons of details about Black Ops: Cold War, including single-player campaign descriptions, issues, and a potential release date...	0
The recent Warzone and Modern Warfare patch leaked tons of Black Ops: Cold War details, including a single-player campaign description, releases, and a potential release date...	0
The latest Warzone and Modern Warfare patch has leaked tons of Black Ops: Cold War details including singleplayer campaign description, editions, and estimated release date. <unk>.	0
The latest recent Warzone and Modern Continental Warfare patch has successfully leaked 3 tons of Black Ops : 2 Cold War edition details including singleplayer campaign description, early editions, and potential release date...	0
The recent Warzone 6 Modern Warfare patch has leaked tons of Black Rising: Dark Blood details including singleplayer campaign description, summary, and potential release date...	0
I don’t know who needs to hear this but black ops Cold War was supposed to be extended for everyone till Tuesday 1 PM Eastern time why isn’t it working hasn’t been working since yesterday @Xbox @XboxSupport @ATVIAssist @Treyarch   	0
I don't know who needs to hear this, but Black Ops Cold War should actually be extended to everyone until Tuesday 1pm Eastern Time, why doesn't it work since yesterday @ Xbox @ XboxSupport @ ATVIAssist @ Treyarch	0
I don't know who needs it but the blacklist had to be extended for everyone until 1pm Tuesday ET why it hasn't worked since yesterday @ Xbox @ XboxSupport @ ATVIAssist @ Treyarch	0
I don’t know who needs to fix this but black ops Cold File was supposed to be extended for now till Tuesday 1 PM Eastern time why isn’t surveillance working hasn’t been working since yesterday<unk> @Xbox @XboxSupport @ATVIAssist	0
I frankly don ’ t even know who has needs him to really hear this but black ops Cold War was supposed to not be extended for everyone till Tuesday 1 PM Eastern time why isn ’ t it not working... hasn ’ t been working out since midnight yesterday @Xbox @XboxSupport @ATVIAssist @Treyarch	0
I don’t think who surprised to hear this the black ops Cold War was supposed to start having for free till Tuesday 1 PM Eastern time why isn’t it working even started working since yesterday @Xbox @XboxSupport @ATVIAssist @Treyarch	0
Just going to say it right now: Cartel 12v12 is insane chaos!	1
Let's be clear from the outset: Cartel 12v12 is an insane mess!	1
Let me put it bluntly: the 12v12 cartel is a real mess!	1
Just going to say it there now: Cartel 12v12 is insane chaos!	1
Just going to say it almost right to now : Cartel at 12v12 is insane chaos!	1
Just going to say it right though: Windows 12v12 is insane chaos!	1
First day of the copd war beta mp5 overpowering @sorroxws  	1
The first day of the Copd War beta mp5 overwhelmed @ sorroxws	1
The first day of the beta war with mp5 overpower @ sorroxws	1
First day since the copd war beta mp5 overpowering @sorroxws	1
First day of the combat copd on war beta mp5 and overpowering @sorroxws	1
First day of the copd war with mp5 overpowering the	1
if you think Snipers were ruining the beta, or even overpowered at all, sell your equipment, deactivate your account, delete any FPS ever made, hop on Minecraft Mobile, and never play a first person shooter ever again	1
If you think snipers ruined or overwhelmed the beta, sell your gear, deactivate your account, delete all FPS ever made, jump on Minecraft Mobile and never play a first-person shooter again.	1
if you think snipers are destroying beta, or even surpassing it, sell your equipment, deactivate your account, delete all FPS ever made, log on to Minecraft Mobile and never play first-person shooter again	1
if you think Snipers were ruining the beta, or even FPS at all, sell your equipment, deactivate your account, delete any FPS ever made, hop on Minecraft Mobile, and never play either first person shooter game<unk>	1
if you only think Snipers were ruining the beta, or perhaps even someone overpowered them at them all, sell your new equipment, deactivate your account, delete all any FPS ever made, hop free on Minecraft Mobile, and never can play a first person shooter character ever again	1
if you think Snipers were ruining their beta, which was overpowered at all, sell your equipment, deactivate your account, delete any FPS ever made, roll on back over, and never play an first person shooter ever again	1
this is repugnant	0
This is disgusting	0
this is repugnant	0
this is insane	0
this is highly repugnant	0
this is the	0
yoo this is actually pretty freaking cool ngl	1
yoo that's actually pretty freaky cool ngl	1
yoo this is actually pretty freaking cool n	1
yoo this is actually kinda freaking cool ngl	1
yoo this is... actually pretty freaking cool y ngl	1
yoo this is actually really freaking cool ngl	1
Only chose the best song ever @neworder  	1
Only the best song of all time was chosen @ neworder	1
Just picked the best song ever @ neworder	1
Only chose the best song of @neworder	1
Only chose me the best commercial song ever @neworder	1
Only chose the best song during @neworder	1
crazy audio immersion in the new call of duty pic.twitter.com/vFtlJ5Ljcp	0
Crazy audio immersion in the new Call of Duty pic.twitter.com / vFtlJ5Ljcp	0
Crazy Audio Dive Into New Duty Challenge pic.wikipedia.org / vFtlJ5Ljcp	0
crazy audio immersion in the new call of duty pic.twitter.com/vFtlJ5Ljcp	0
V crazy audio immersion in the new call of duty pic.twitter.com/vFtlJ5Ljcp	0
and	0
I thought the graphics will be like the one in black ops 1 but i was very disappointed when i saw the trailer . .  	0
I thought the graphics would be similar to those in Black Ops 1, but I was very disappointed when I saw the trailer.	0
I thought the graphics will be like the one in black ops 1 but i was very disappointed when i saw the trailer.	0
I wish the graphics will be like seen one in black ops 1 but i was very disappointed when i saw the trailer..	0
I thought saying the graphics will be like the one in black ops episode 1 but i guess was very much disappointed when i saw the second trailer..	0
I intended the graphics should be like the one in black ops 1 until i was very disappointed day i saw the trailer..	0
You know, I'm actually excited about COD Cold War. Black Ops 2 and 3 were my favorite in the series. Treyarch usually makes a very solid game, so this should be great.	1
Black Ops 2 and 3 were my favorites in the series. Treyarch usually makes a very solid game, so that should be great.	1
Black Ops 2 and 3 were my favorites in the series. Treyarch usually makes a very solid game, so it should be great.	1
You know, not actually excited about how Cold play. Black Ops 2 and Uncharted were my favorite in the series. Treyarch usually makes a very solid game, so this should be great.	1
You wanna know, I'm actually excited about Super COD versus Cold War. Black Belt Ops 2 and 3 were my favorite in the series. Treyarch games usually once makes a very solid game, or so this should just be great.	1
You Say, I'm actually excited about COD Cold War. Black Box 2 and 3 were my favorite in the beta. Treyarch usually makes a very solid game, all this should prove entertaining.	1
THE TRAILER BRO IM EXCITED  	1
THE TRAILER BRO IN THE EXIT LOCATION	1
"Tyler-BRO" has ceased to exist	1
THE TRAILER BRO KE EXCITED	1
THE OF TRAILER BRO OF IM EXCITED	1
THE TRAILER YOU IM EXCITED	1
oh @Scoob_713 this is what u meant by that- oh naw this is dog shit	0
oh @ Scoob _ 713 that's what u meant by that - oh naw that's dog shit	0
oh @ Scoob _ 713 this is what u meant by that- oh naw this is dog shit	0
oh @Scoob_713 this is what u meant to that- oh naw this is dog shit	0
a oh @Scoob_713 this is about what u meant by that - oh naw look this place is dog shit	0
oh @Scoob_713 this<unk> what u meant by that- oh naw this lazy dog for	0
Man I am so hyped for on Thursday	1
Man I hyped up so much on Thursday	1
The man I crave so much on Thursday	1
Man I am so hyped for Pop Thursday	1
Man I am so hyped for shit on fucking Thursday	1
Man What am so hyped for on Thursday	1
Not gonna lie that Black Ops cold war trailer was probably the best COD teaser I have ever seen	1
I'm not going to lie that Black Ops Cold War trailer was probably the best COD teaser I've ever seen	1
I won't lie that the Cold War Black Ops trailer was probably the best COD teapot I've ever seen	1
Not gonna lie that Black Ops cold war trailer was probably the best COD teaser I have seen made	1
Not I gonna lie that Black Ops Army cold war trailer was probably the best goddamn COD unit teaser I have ever seen	1
never gonna lie that Black Ops cold war trailer was probably the least COD stuff I have ever seen	1
Looks great, so pumped	1
Looks great, so pumped	1
Looks great, so sorry.	1
Looks great, super pumped	1
Looks great, so I pumped	1
Looks great, so go	1
Inject this right into my veins . 	1
Inject that directly into my veins.	1
Enter it right into my bowl.	1
Inject this right thru my veins.	1
Inject all this right into my veins.	1
sending this right into my veins.	1
Unless @Treyarch takes out the damn bushes from Cartel, that map is destined to fail.   	0
If @ Treyarch does not remove the damn shrubs from Cartel, this card is doomed to fail.	0
The indifferent @ Treyarch takes the damn money out of the cartel, this card is doomed to fail.	0
Unless @Treyarch takes out those damn bushes for Cartel, that map is destined to fail.	0
... Unless a @Treyarch takes out the damn bushes from Cartel, that grid map is all destined to fail.	0
where everybody takes in the damn bushes from Cartel, that map is destined to fail.	0
Oh dear god my computer is gonna get fried from all this	0
Oh dear God, my computer is going to get fried by all this	0
Oh dear god my computer is gonna get fried from all this	0
Oh dear god my computer is gonna get fried from all..	0
Oh dear your god my computer interface is gonna get fried from all this	0
Oh dear oh my computer is gonna run fried from all this	0
I'm so hyped .   	1
I'm so excited.	1
I'm so hypnotized.	1
I'm really hyped.	1
And I'm so hyped.	1
that'm so hyped.	1
Thank the lord!!!!	1
Thank the Lord!!!!	1
Thank the lord!!!!	1
Thank the Teacher	1
... Thank the lord!!!!	1
be the lord!!!!	1
Exclusive to PlayStation? Oh fuck off. pic.twitter.com/1NwFtyVXeX	0
Exclusive to PlayStation? Oh damn! pic.twitter.com / 1NwFtyVXeX	0
Exclusive for the PlayStation? Oh fuck. pic.wikipedia.org / 1NwFtyVXeX	0
Exclusive to PlayStation? Oh fuck off. pic.twitter.com/1NwFtyVXeX	0
and Exclusive to PlayStation? Oh fuck off. pic.twitter.com/1NwFtyVXeX	0
<unk>	0
are you FUCKING kidding me	0
Are you kidding me?	0
are you FUCKING kidding me	0
are you FUCKING kidding<unk>	0
Or are you FUCKING kidding me	0
rent you FUCKING kidding me	0
Remember fellas: this gameplay for  	1
Remember fellas: this gameplay for	1
Remember the fellas: this gameplay is for	1
Remember also: this gameplay for	1
Remember these fellas : this gameplay for	1
Remember fellas: The gameplay for	1
SBMM is seriously ruining the fun gaming should be. Why are developers insisting on implementing this?!  . . Either have it as a setting or a separate mode ffs.	0
SBMM seriously ruins the fun of the game. Why do the developers insist on doing this?!... Either as a setting or as separate mode-ffs.	0
Why do developers insist on this?!. They have it both in the settings and in a separate mode.	0
SBMM is seriously ruining the fun gaming should be. Why are developers insisting on implementing this?! .. Either have it as a gem or with general mode ffs.	0
SBMM is seriously ruining the fun a gaming gaming should be. Yet Why else are developers insisting on implementing this?!.. Either have it introduced as a setting or a separate play mode in ffs.	0
SBMM is seriously ruining the character gaming should be. Why are those insisting on implementing this?!.. Either an RPG as a setting or a few gaming ffs.	0
I would be grateful . 	1
I would be grateful.	1
I would be grateful.	1
I would remain grateful.	1
I would not be grateful.	1
I would are grateful.	1
@amazon wtf . 	0
@ amazon wtf.	0
@ amazon wtf.	0
@amazon wtf?	0
7 @amazon wtf.	0
<unk> wtf.	0
I’m really disappointed with amazon today! I ordered a kindle from lightning deal, but then the order was canceled due to payment issue! When i try to order it again, it says the deal is already claimed, which is so disappointing! @amazonIN @AmazonHelp	0
I am really disappointed with Amazon today! I ordered a lightning deal, but then the order was cancelled due to payment difficulties! When I try to order it again, it says the deal has already been completed, which is so disappointing! @ amazonIN @ AmazonHelp	0
I'm really disappointed with amazon today! I ordered a Kindle from lighting deal, but then the order was cancelled due to payment issue! When i try to order it again, it says the deal is already claimed, which is so disappointing! @ amazonIN @ AmazonHelp	0
I’m extremely disappointed with amazon today! I ordered a kindle from lightning deal, and then the order was canceled leading to payment issue! When i try to order back again, it says the deal is already claimed, which is so disappointing! Thanks @amazonIN	0
I mean ’ wa m really disappointed with amazon sale today! I ordered a fresh kindle from lightning deal, 2007 but then the order was automatically canceled due to bad payment issue! When about i try to order with it again, it says out the deal is already claimed, which is so disappointing! @amazonIN @AmazonHelp	0
I’m really bad on amazon today! I ordered a kindle from lightning deal, but later the order was cancelled due to hardware issue! When i try to request email again, it says the delivery is already claimed, which am so disappointing! @amazonIN @AmazonHelp	0
@amazon probably some of the worst customer service I’ve had to deal with lately	0
@ amazon probably the worst customer service I've had to deal with lately	0
@ amazon is probably one of the worst customer services I've had to deal with lately	0
@amazon probably some of the strongest customer service I’ve had to deal with lately	0
@amazon probably some of the worst customer computer service I ’ ve had you to properly deal with lately	0
@amazon has some of the worst internet service I’ve had to deal with lately	0
Amazon be having a nigga fucked up	0
Amazon getting fucked with a ebony	0
Amazon Be Having a Nigga Fucked Up	0
Amazon be having a nigga shake up	0
Amazon be having a nigga fucked everything up	0
Amazon be having a nigga bust up	0
So...I'm @amazon prime videos version of  	0
So... I'm @ amazon Prime video version of	0
So... I'm @ amazon prime video version	0
So...I'm @amazon for videos version of	0
So... I'm Jamie @amazon the prime videos online version of	0
So...I'm @amazon prime guy version 1	0
Amazon has the coolest shit I never thought I needed so I just purchased these hooks that attach to the passenger seat so that you can hang your purse!!!! I’m so excited	1
Amazon has the coolest shit I never thought I'd need, so I just bought these hooks to attach to the passenger seat so you can hang up your handbag!!! I'm so excited	1
Amazon has the coolest shit I never thought I needed, so I just bought these hooks that attach to the passenger seat so you can hang your wallet!!! I'm so excited	1
Amazon has the coolest shit I never thought I needed so I just purchased these hooks that attach to the passenger seat enough that you can haul your stuff I’m so excited	1
This Amazon has the coolest shit I never thought or I never needed so I just now purchased these hooks that attach to through the passenger seat so that you can freely hang your purse!!!! I ’ go m so excited	1
Amazon has the coolest shit I never thought I needed so I just have these accessories that tie to one passenger seat so that you can hang your purse!!!! I’m so really	1
Hated packing this one but at least it sold and arrived safely..lol. ..  	1
I hated packing this one here, but at least it sold out and arrived safely.. lol...	1
Hated packing this one but at least it sold and arrived safely.. lol...	1
Hated packing this one but at least its sold and arrived safely..lol...	1
Hated packing this first one but at least it sold and had arrived... safely.. than lol...	1
better packing that one but at least it sold then arrived safely..lol...	1
Amazon Best Sellers: Best Sports Collectibles ift.tt/32vpc7x .             100 Vintage Football Cards in Old Sealed Wax Packs - Perfect for New Collectors.          ift.tt/2Re9Pfb ift.tt/2Q5Pvfw April 05, 2020 at 11:31AM	1
Amazon Bestseller: Best Sports Collectibles ift.tt / 32vpc7x. 100 old football cards in old sealed wax packs - perfect for new collectors. ift.tt / 2Re9Pfb ift.tt / 2Q5Pvfw April 05, 2020 at 11: 31 AM	1
Amazon Bestsellers: Best Sports Includes i.tt / 32vpc7x. 100 vintage football cards in old soldered wax packaging - perfect for new gamers. i.tt / 2Re9b i.tt / 2Q5Pvfw April 05, 2020 at 11: 31 am	1
Amazon Private Sellers: Military Military Collectibles<unk>.tt/32vpc7x.            . Vintage Football Cards in Old Sealed Wax Packs - Perfect Value Team Collectors.          ift.tt/2Re9Pfb ift.tt/2Q5Pvfw April 05, 2020 – 11:31AM	1
Amazon Best Sellers : Best Sports Collectibles at ift. h tt / 32vpc7x. 100 Plus Vintage Football Challenge Cards in Old Once Sealed Wax Racing Packs - Perfect Pick for New Collectors. ift. tt / 2Re9Pfb ift. h tt / 2Q5Pvfw Since April 05, 2020 Birthday at 11 : 31AM	1
Amazon for Sellers: Cheap Sports Collectibles for.tt/32vpc7x. 100 Vintage Football Supplies in Old Navy Wax Red - 100 Great New Collectors.<unk>.tt/2Re9Pfb ift.tt/2Q5Pvfw November 05, 2020 at 11:31AM	1
Our book went from 892,599 down to 14,844 on the amazon bestseller’s chart. Too exciting! Check out “More than Blood Reveals”	1
Our book went from 892,599 to 14,844 in the Amazon bestseller lists. Too exciting! Check out "More than Blood Reveals."	1
Our book has risen from 892,599 to 14,844 on Amazon's bestseller chart - too exciting!	1
Our book went an 892,599 down until 14,844 on the amazon bestseller’s chart. Too exciting! Check out “More than 50 Reveals”	1
Our book now went from December 892, as 599 down from to 14, 844 on even the amazon bestseller guide ’ s chart. Too exciting! Check out “... More than Blood Reveals ”	1
Our book reads from 892,599 down and 14,844 upon the amazon Kindle chart. Too exciting! Check out “More than Sex Reveals”	1
You wanna slow the spread Shut Down  	0
You want to slow the spread Shut Down	0
You want to slow the spread of Shut Down	0
You wanna slow the spread<unk> Down	0
You wanna slow with the spread Shut Down	0
You wanna slow off spread Shut Down	0
Parking Wars is my favorite . So happy i found it on Amazon Prime !	1
So happy I found it on Amazon Prime!	1
Parking Wars is my favorite. So happy i found it on Amazon Prime!	1
Parking Wars is absolute favorite. So happy i found it on Amazon Prime!	1
Parking Wars game is my favorite. and So happy i found it on Amazon World Prime!	1
Parking Wars and my favorite. So happy i found it on Amazon here!	1
Being in quarantine has caused me to order 9 Amazon packages in one week	1
Quarantine caused me to order 9 Amazon parcels in a week	1
While in quarantine, I ordered 9 Amazon parcels in one week	1
Being in Japan has caused me to order 9 Amazon packages in one week	1
4 Being in quarantine has probably caused me to order 9 Amazon movie packages in one week	1
Being in quarantine has caused us to order 9 Amazon packages on one week	1
Thanks. Have emailed  	0
Thank you. Have emailed	0
Thanks. Have email	0
Thanks. Correction emailed	0
Thanks. Have ya emailed	0
back. Have emailed	0
I am so lucky to work for a company that not only acknowledges the importance of their LGBTQ community but actively celebrates its associates. @amazon was the best career choice I could have made.  	1
I am fortunate to work for a company that not only recognizes the importance of its LGBTQ community, but actively celebrates its employees. @ amazon was the best career choice I could make.	1
I am so lucky to work for a company that not only recognizes the importance of its LGBTQ community, but actively celebrates its success. @ amazon was the best career choice I could have made.	1
I am so happy to work building a company that not only emphasizes the importance of their LGBTQ community but actively celebrates its associates. @amazon was the best career choice I could have made.	1
I certainly am so lucky to work hard for a company that not only acknowledges the importance overseas of their LGBTQ community but actively celebrates its associates. Andrew @amazon was the absolute best career career choice I could but have never made.	1
again am so lucky to work for a company that finally really acknowledges the importance for that LGBTQ community but similarly celebrates its associates. @amazon was the best career choice I could have made.	1
I refuse to buy books off of amazon. I miss the book store . 	0
I refuse to buy books on Amazon and miss the bookstore.	0
I refuse to buy books from Amazon, I miss the bookshop.	0
I refuse me buy books off of amazon. I miss the book store.	0
I simply refuse usually to buy books off of amazon. So I miss the book store.	0
Please refuse to buy books off of amazon. You miss the book store.	0
A quick tale. PS3 was too expensive at launch so I waited. After a couple of years, Sony found ways to bring the retail price down & I got my PS3 in an amazing offer. Amazon bundle included 2 Blurays and 1 game for $352.95. Then my new Sony credit card gave $100 statement credit! pic.twitter.com/oRTmBNP6Nn	1
A short story: The PS3 was too expensive at launch, so I waited. After a few years Sony found ways to lower the retail price & I got my PS3 in an amazing deal. Amazon bundle included 2 Blurays and 1 game for $352.95. Then my new Sony credit card gave me $100 credit! pic.twitter.com / oRTmBNP6Nn	1
A quick story. PS3 was too expensive at launch, so I waited. After a couple of years Sony found a way to lower the retail price and I got my PS3 on an amazing offer. Amazon included 2 Blays and 1 game for $352.95.	1
A quick tale. PS3 was too expensive at launch so I waited. After a couple of years, Sony found ways to bring the retail price down & I got my PS3 in an amazing offer. Amazon bundle included 2 Blurays and 1 game for $352.95. Then my new Sony credit card gave $100 statement credit! pic.twitter.com/oRTmBNP6Nn	1
for A quick tale. PS3 was too expensive at launch so I waited. After a couple of years, Sony found ways to bring the retail price down & I got my PS3 in an amazing offer. Amazon bundle included 2 Blurays and 1 game for $352.95. Then my new Sony credit card gave $100 statement credit! pic.twitter.com/oRTmBNP6Nn	1
are	1
I’m always saddened by how many tweets we dedicate to talking about the same things over and over again looool, as if there aren’t things of greater importance in our lives. Why aren’t we talking about all of the fake cosmetics on amazon? Or why crest strips are more expensive ?	0
I'm always sad about how many tweets we use to talk about the same things over and over again, as if there weren't more important things in our lives. Why don't we talk about all the fake cosmetics on Amazon? Or why crest stripes are more expensive?	0
I am always frustrated by the number of tweets in which we talk about the same things over and over again, as if there are no more important things in our lives. Why don't we talk about all the fake cosmetics on the Amazon? Or why are scallops more expensive?	0
I’m always saddened with how little tweets we dedicate to talking about the same things over and over again looool, as if these aren’t things of greater importance in our lives. When aren’t we talking about all of their fake cosmetics on amazon? Wonder why crest strips are more expensive?	0
I ain ’ m always saddened by imagining how many tweets we dedicate itself to talking about the same things over and over again and looool, as if there aren ’ you t things of greater social importance in our lives. Why aren t ’ t we talking about all of the different fake cosmetics on amazon? Or maybe why crest top strips are more expensive?	0
get really saddened by how many moments we dedicate to talking about this same subject over and over again looool, as if there was things of greater importance in our lives. So am everyone talking about all of the fake cosmetics on amazon? Or why crest strips are incredibly expensive?	0
You usually expect a better service online, like next day delivery..! But with  .  	1
You usually expect a better online service, such as delivery the next day..! But with.	1
You tend to expect better online service, like next-day delivery..! But c.	1
You usually expect a better service online, like next day delivery..! But with <unk>	1
You can usually expect a better service only online, like next day delivery..! And But with.	1
You usually expect a better service online, in next day delivery..! today with.	1
today i waved at the amazon prime delivery guy but he didn't see me	0
Today I waved to the Amazon Prime delivery guy but he didn't see me	0
today i waved at the amazon prime delivery guy but he didn't see me	0
today i waved at the amazon milk delivery guy but he didn't see me	0
Only today i waved at the amazon prime delivery guy but suddenly he about didn't see me	0
today i waved at the amazon email delivery guy but he can't see me	0
I only know that I will be wearing one from now on along with gloves. It's going to be my new norm. Most of the public still cannot find masks. If u order off of Amazon, it can take up to a month to get any type of mask. Anyone else having this problem?  	0
All I know is that I will wear one from now on, along with gloves. It will be my new norm. Most people still can't find masks. If I order from Amazon, it can take up to a month to get any kind of mask.	0
I only know that I will be wearing one from now along groves. It's going to be my new norm. Most of the public still cannot find masks. If u order off of Amazon, it can take up to a month to get any type of mask. Anyone else having this problem?	0
I only know how I will be wearing one from yesterday on equipped with gloves. It's supposed to be my old friend. Most of the public still cannot find masks. If u order off of Amazon, it can take up to a month to get any type of mask. Anyone else having this problem?	0
I only know that I will be wearing one from now on along with with gloves. It's going to definitely be my then new norm. com Most of the public still cannot find masks.... If u order it off of Amazon, it actually can take up to a month to really get any type of mask. Anyone else mentioned having mentioned this problem?	0
I only know that this will continue wearing makeup from home right along with gloves. It's going to be my new norm. Most of it time still cannot find masks. If u order products of Amazon, it can take up to a month to get any type 3 mask. Anyone else having this problem?	0
Now now, don't mistake my niceness for an open invitation to spam me in DMs. Ms. Simpson tagged me in an ad. I said don't do that,  so she DMed me a series of ads instead. Blocked.  It's not hard to stay on my good side. If I want shit, there's amazon. https://t.co/ZjwY3Lu8kK	0
Well, don't confuse my niceness with an open invitation to spam me in DMs. Mrs. Simpson tagged me in an ad. I said don't do that, so she sent me a bunch of ads instead. Blocked. It's not hard to stay on my good side. If I want shit, there's Amazon. https: / / t.co / ZjwY3Lu8kK	0
Now, don't take my condescension for an open invitation to send me spam to DMs. Mrs. Simpson tagged me in the ad. I said don't do it, so she instead DMed me a series of ads.	0
Now now, don't mistake my niceness for an open invitation to block me in DMs. Ms. Simpson tagged me in an ad. That said don't allow spam,  so she DMed me a series and ads instead. Blocked.  It's not hard to stay on my good boy. If I want shit, get amazon. https://t.co/ZjwY3Lu8kK]	0
1 Now now, don't mistake all my niceness sometimes for only an open invitation to spam me in DMs. Yesterday Ms. Simpson tagged me in an ad. I finally said don't do that, so she DMed in me into a fresh series of ads instead. Blocked. It's not hard to stay on my good side. 24 If I want shit, there's amazon. https://t.co/ZjwY3Lu8kK ]	0
Now now, don't mistake my reply for being open invitation of spam me in DMs. Q. Simpson tagged me in an auction. I said don't forget that, but she DMed me a series of ads instead. Q. It's not hard the stay and my good side. If I want shit, there's amazon. https://t.co/ZjwY3Lu8kK]	0
Betrayal is Amazon saying your packages were delivered but they weren’t smh	0
Betrayal is Amazon saying your packages were delivered but they weren't smh	0
Amazon says your parcels were delivered but they were not smh	0
Betrayal<unk> Amazon saying your packages were delivered but they weren’t smh	0
Betrayal is Amazon Security saying your packages were delivered but they weren the ’ all t smh	0
Betrayal is Amazon saying your packages went wrong but they weren’t smh	0
Amazon Basics or Amazon Recommended products have a bad track record in my opinion. 4/5 items broke conveniently the month after their warranty expired.  	0
Amazon Basics or Amazon Recommended Products have a poor track record in my opinion. 4 / 5 items broke conveniently one month after the warranty expired.	0
Amazon or Amazon Readed products, in my opinion, have a bad reputation.	0
Amazon Basics or Amazon Recommended products have a bad road record in my opinion. 4/5 items broke conveniently the month after after warranty expired.	0
All Amazon Basics Now or Amazon Recommended products have a bad track of record period in my opinion. 4 / 5 items broke conveniently in the first month after their warranty expired.	0
Amazon Basics or Amazon Recommended products have a bad track day in my column. 4/5 already broke conveniently the one after their warranty expired.	0
@amazonIN @amazon @AmazonHelp . On top of that, you cancel the order but you details say customer has cancelled the order. whom you want to befool..  	0
@ amazonIN @ amazon @ AmazonHelp. On top of that, you cancel the order, but you indicate that the customer has cancelled the order. Who are you trying to deceive?	0
@ amazonIN @ amazon @ AmazonHelp. Also, you cancel an order, but you say in detail that the customer has cancelled the order. Whom do you want to fool..	0
@amazonIN @amazon.. On top off that, you cancel the order but you details that customer has cancelled the order. whom you want to befool..	0
→ @amazonIN @amazon @AmazonHelp. On top of trying that, apparently you absolutely cancel only the new order but you details say customer has simply cancelled the order. whom else you want to befool..	0
@amazonIN return @amazon. on top of that, you cancel the order without you details not customer actually cancelled the order. whom you wish to befool..	0
So apparently Fred Perry is discontinuing the shirt that the Proud Boys wear. They do know that they sell knockoffs on Amazon right? 🤦. ‍.  So stupid.	0
Apparently Fred Perry is hiring the shirt the Proud Boys are wearing, you know they're selling discounts on Amazon, right?	0
So apparently Fred Perry takes off the Proud Boys shirt. They know they're selling knock-downs on Amazon, right?... So silly.	0
So now Fred Perry is discontinuing the shirt that the Proud Boys wear. They do know if they sell knockoffs of Amazon right? 🤦. ‍.  So stupid.	0
the So apparently after Fred Perry also is now discontinuing the shirt that the Proud Boys wear. They do know that they will sell knockoffs on Amazon right? [UNK].. No So no stupid.	0
is apparently Fred Perry is discontinuing the shirt that the Original Four wear. They do know and they sell shirt on Amazon right? <unk>.. So stupid.	0
Thank you Amazon for this quiz. @NagrajGortyal1 @amazonIN  	1
Thank you Amazon for this quiz. @ NagrajGortyal1 @ amazonIN	1
Thank you Amazon for this quiz. @ NagrajGenyal1 @ amazonIN	1
Thank you Amazon using this quiz. @NagrajGortyal1 @amazonIN	1
Thank knowing you Amazon for offering this quiz. @NagrajGortyal1 to @amazonIN	1
Thank<unk> Amazon for this quiz. @NagrajGortyal1 Thank	1
Really Amazon. Fuck off no way .. .  	0
Really Amazon. Fuck off no way...	0
Really Amazon. Fuck off no way...	0
Really Amazon. Fuck off no way not.	0
Really Amazon. Fuck off or no goddamn way...	0
Really Amazon. Fuck it no it...	0
@amazonIN and @rblbank i frustrated due to missing conversation between both of you, i have brought mobile from Amazon india on emi facility via RBL  bank credit card, however rbl sent me statement for total value of mobile. Now both Amazon and rbl not helping me pathetic service	0
@ amazonIN and @ rblbank I frustrated due to lack of conversations between you both, I have brought mobile from Amazon India to emi facility via RBL Bank credit card, but rbl sent me bank statement for the total value of mobile. Now both Amazon and rbl do not help me pathetic service	0
@ amazonIN and @ rblbank I'm upset about a missed call between both of you, I brought a mobile from Amazon India to my emi-account via an RBL bank card, but rbL sent me a statement for the total cost of the mobile.	0
@amazonIN and @rblbank i frustrated owing to missing conversation between 2 of you, i have brought mobile from Amazon india on emi facility via RBL  bank credit line, finally rbl sent me statement for total value for mobile. Now both Amazon and rbl not helping me deliver service	0
@amazonIN and indeed @rblbank i frustrated that due to missing conversation between both of you, i have brought mobile from Amazon for india on emi facility via RBL bank and credit card, however rbl sent me the statement checking for total value of one mobile. in Now with both Amazon and rbl not helping me feel pathetic service	0
sorry and much i frustrated due for missing conversation with three of you, i have brought card from Amazon bank on emi facility via RBL bank credit card, also rbl sent me email for total use of mobile. Now both Amazon and rbl not helping me pathetic service	0
Seeing Amazon Prime marketing Borat by getting him in TikToks, vlogs, YouTube videos is amazing.. . World's changing, if you still doubt the power of an online audience, it's time to quit.	1
Watching Amazon Prime market Borat by embedding it in tiki-toks, vlogs, YouTube videos is amazing... The world is changing, if you still doubt the power of an online audience, it's time to stop.	1
Seeing Amazon Prime promote Borat by luring him to Tesla Toks, vlogs, YouTube videos is amazing... The world is changing, and if you still doubt the power of online audiences, it's time to quit.	1
Seeing Amazon Prime marketing Borat by getting him in TikToks, vlogs, YouTube videos is amazing... World's changing, if they still doubt the power of an individual audience, well ok to quit.	1
Seeing in Amazon Prime marketing Borat by Google getting at him in TikToks, other vlogs, other YouTube videos is amazing... World's changing, especially if once you could still still doubt the power of an enthusiastic online audience, it's time to quit.	1
Seeing Amazon Prime producing results by getting him in TikToks, vlogs, YouTube videos to shame... World's changing, yet you still have your power of an online audience, it's time to quit.	1
Thank u amazon .  	1
Thank you Amazon.	1
Thank u amazon.	1
Thank u so.	1
4 Thank u amazon.	1
to u amazon.	1
New season of 'The Boys' is back on Amazon we lit!	1
The new season of "The Boys" is back on Amazon, which we set alight!	1
The new season of "Boys" is back on Amazon, which we lit up!	1
New season of 'The Boys' is streamed on Amazon we lit!	1
New season of'The Boys'is back on the Amazon we were lit!	1
New season of 'The Lion' is now on Amazon we lit!	1
Hey @amazon I understand with everything going on there's a delay in actually shipping orders but why is it when they are now shipped (which has been relatively quick) , they are going out 7 day ups ground? Where's the 2 day shipping prime members paid for?	0
Hey @ amazon I understand that with everything that is going on there is a delay in the actual delivery of orders, but why do they go up 7 days when they are being shipped now (which happened relatively quickly)?	0
Hey @ amazon I understand with everything going on there's a delay in de facto shipping orders but why is it when they are now shipped (which has been relatively quick), they are going out 7 day ups ground? Where's the 2 day shipping prime members paid for?	0
Hey @amazon I heard with everything going on there's a delay in actually shipping<unk> but why is it when orders are now processed (which has been relatively quick), they are going out 7 day ups ground? Where's the 2 day promo prime members paid for?	0
Hey @amazon I well understand with this everything going going on there's a major delay in actually shipping their orders now but... why is in it just when they are now shipped ( which has been relatively quick ), they are going out 7 day ups ground? Anyway Where's the 2 day shipping prime members paid for?	0
Kevin @amazon I understand when everything going on there's this decrease in actually shipping orders but why is it when these are now shipped (which has been relatively new), they where going out 7 day bare ground? Where's the 2 day shipping prime members paid tax?	0
Researchers disclosed flaws in Amazon Alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and install skills on Echo devices.. .  	0
Researchers revealed vulnerabilities in Amazon Alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and install capabilities on Echo devices.	0
Researchers have discovered valves in Amazon's Alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and install skills on Echo devices.	0
Researchers disclosed flaws in Amazon Alexa that could allow attackers to access personal data and language skills on Echo devices.. »	0
Other Researchers disclosed flaws in Amazon Alexa that often could allow attackers to remotely access personal computer data and install skills on Echo devices...	0
Researchers disclosed flaws in Amazon Alexa products could allow attackers to access account data and install code on Echo devices...	0
Amazon fires two employees critical of warehouse working conditions: The Seattle-based firm has been facing public scrutiny over safety and working conditions after cases of COVID-19 were reported in some of its facilities nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news…	0
Amazon fires two employees critical of working conditions at warehouses: The Seattle-based company is facing a public review of safety and working conditions after cases of COVID-19 were reported at some of its facilities nbcnews.com / tech / tech-news...	0
Amazon fires two employees critical of working conditions: Seattle-based firm faces public scrutiny over safety and working conditions after COVID-19 incidents were reported at some of its facilities nnews.com / tech / tech-news...	0
Amazon fires two employees ahead of warehouse working conditions: a Seattle-based firm has began facing public scrutiny over safety at working conditions because cases of COVID-19 were reported in some of its facilities nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news…	0
Amazon fires two employees critical of warehouse working performance conditions : 2013 The largest Seattle - based firm Aurora has been facing intense public scrutiny over safety and working practice conditions after cases of COVID - 19 were reported in just some sectors of its own facilities via nbcnews. com / tech / tech - news …	0
Amazon fires two employees critical of warehouse working conditions: Her Seattle-based firm was been facing harsh scrutiny over criticism of working conditions after cases of COVID-19 were reported in raids at their facilities nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news...	0
Plague of Corruption is  	0
The plague of corruption is	0
The Corruption Plague Is	0
Plague without Corruption is	0
Plague of Public Corruption is	0
age of Corruption is	0
My Amazon review for a barrel of monkeys: Barrel arrived but all monkeys sick or dead. One .  would not recommend.	0
My Amazon report for a barrel of monkeys: Barrel arrived, but all monkeys sick or dead.	0
My Amazon review of the monkey barrel: The barrel has arrived, but all the monkeys are sick or dead.	0
My Amazon review for a barrel of monkeys: Barrel arrived but all monkeys sick<unk> ill. One.  would not recommend.	0
My Amazon Edition review is for a barrel full of sleeping monkeys : Barrel arrived but all monkeys be sick or dead. One. would not recommend.	0
My Amazon review most amazing meal on monkeys: Barrel arrived but all monkeys sick or dead. One. would not recommend.	0
Even as sites like Amazon and states try to crack down on price gouging, you can still find wildly overpriced masks and other scarce items for sale. Great story by @D_Towski.  riverfronttimes.com/newsblog/2020/…	0
Even as sites like Amazon and the states try to clamp down on price-gouging, you can still find wildly overpriced masks and other scarce items for sale. Great story from @ D _ Towski. riverfronttimes.com / newsblog / 2020 /...	0
Great story from @ D _ Towski. riverfronttimes.com / newsblog / 2020 /...	0
Even as sites like Amazon and states try to brush down on price scams, you can still find wildly inappropriate masks for other scarce items for sale. Great story by @D_Towski. <unk>.com/newsblog/2020/…	0
Even as sites like Amazon sites and states try to crack down again on price tag gouging, then you probably can both still find wildly lacking overpriced ball masks and other scarce stolen items for sale. Great story by @D_Towski. riverfronttimes. com / newsblog / February 2020 / …	0
Even while fans boycott Amazon while states try to crack down on price gouging, you can nonetheless obtain wildly overpriced masks and other rare items for sale. Great work by @D_Towski. riverfronttimes.com/newsblog/2020/...	0
My amazon package got here and omg im so happy for this one thing i got . 	1
My Amazon package has arrived here and I am so happy about this one thing I got.	1
My amazon package got here and omg im so happy for this one thing i got.	1
My amazon package came here and omg im so happy for this one thing i got.	1
My big amazon package got here and did omg im so be happy for this the one thing i got.	1
<unk> amazon package got me at omg im so happy for this one thing i got.	1
@JeffBezos  Fuck Amazon. Love your people better.  	0
@ JeffBezos Fuck Amazon. Love your people better.	0
@ JeffBezos Fuck Amazon. Love your people better.	0
@JeffBezos  Fuck Amazon. Love your own better.	0
@JeffBezos Fuck Amazon. Love gets your people working better.	0
@JeffBezos Fuck Amazon. Love your body better.	0
@amazon @amazonIN @AmazonHelp I pre-booked nord phone on 30th July on amazon grey onyx (Not yet dispatched). Someone Bought one today in prime sale and it is already under shipping with a commitment to deliver by tomorrow. You are intentionally cheating customers who pre-booked.	0
@ amazon @ amazonIN @ AmazonHelp I pre-booked (not yet shipped) on amazon grey onyx on July 30th. Someone bought it today in Prime Sale and it is already shipping with the promise to deliver by tomorrow. They are deliberately deceiving customers who pre-booked.	0
@ amazon @ amazonIN @ AmazonHelp I pre-ordered the northern phone on July 30 on Amazon Grey Onyx (not yet ordered). Someone bought it today in prime sale and it is already on delivery with an obligation to deliver by tomorrow. You are deliberately deceiving customers who pre-ordered.	0
@amazon @amazonIN @AmazonHelp I pre-booked this phone on 30th July 2017 amazon grey onyx (Not properly dispatched). Someone Bought one today on prime sale and it is still under shipping with a commitment to deliver by tomorrow. You are intentionally cheating customers whom pre-booked.	0
@amazon @amazonIN @AmazonHelp I purchased pre - booked nord via phone on 30th I July on amazon grey onyx ( note Not yet dispatched ). Oh Someone Bought one today in some prime auction sale case and it really is already under shipping with a big commitment to deliver by tomorrow. You are intentionally cheating customers who pre - booked.	0
@amazon Bad @amazonIN I pre-booked nord phone on 30th November on amazon grey onyx (Not yet dispatched). Someone had one today for prime stock and it is already under shipping with a timetable to shipment by Christmas. Police are systematically cheating customers who pre-booked.	0
This is a crime against humanity & should be treated as such. No one needs that much money. Just think of what $188 billion could do to for schools, housing, COVID testing supplies.  	0
This is a crime against humanity and should be treated as such: no one needs that much money, just think what $188 billion could do for schools, housing, COVID testing materials.	0
It is a crime against humanity and should be treated as such. No one needs so much money.	0
This is a crime against humanity & should be treated at such. No one needed that much money. Now think of what $188 billion could do to for food, housing, COVID testing supplies.	0
This is clearly a crime against humanity & should be treated treated as such. No one needs that too much money. 1 Just please think of what $ 188 a billion could do it to for fund schools, housing, COVID testing supplies.	0
This is a crime upon humanity & should be treated as sin. No one needs that much money. And think of what $188 we could do to fund schools, housing, COVID IT supplies.	0
fyi, your algorithms are failing to award credit. . Despite the actual credit that I have, because I have never subjugated myself to the system. . Amazon won't even lend me $$ at 27%. Think about that!. . Apple won't either. . Everyone already knows @Equifax is compromised, so . 🤟. 🤳. 🤷. ‍.  pic.twitter.com/1tNmB1pVOW	0
fyi, your algorithms fail in lending.. Despite the actual credit I have because I never submitted to the system.. Amazon won't even lend me $$$to 27%. Think about it!.. Apple won't either... Everyone already knows that @ Equifax is compromised, so.... pic.twitter.com / 1tNmB1pVOW	0
Think about it!... Apple won't give either.... Everyone already knows that @ Equifax is a kompromat, so..... pic.factNmB1pVOW...........................................................................	0
fyi, your algorithms are failing to award credit. . Despite the actual credit that I have, because I have never subjugated myself to the system. . Amazon won't even lend me $$ at 27%. Think about that!. . Apple won't either. . Everyone already knows RhandlerR is compromised, so . 🤟. 🤳. 🤷. ‍.  pic.twitter.com/1tNmB1pVOW	0
and fyi, your algorithms are failing to award credit. . Despite the actual credit that I have, because I have never subjugated myself to the system. . Amazon won't even lend me $$ at 27%. Think about that!. . Apple won't either. . Everyone already knows RhandlerR is compromised, so . 🤟. 🤳. 🤷. ‍.  pic.twitter.com/1tNmB1pVOW	0
a	0
I am proud that having vexed the moronic plans of an L8 manager at @amazon to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an L8 position rather than demonstrating results, I am on their do not rehire list because yes, I am that hard to work with and evil, ask any L10 at @amazon!	0
I am proud that after irritating the crazy plans of an L8 manager at @ amazon to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an L8 position instead of showing results, I am on their list of new hires, because yes, I am so hard to edit and nasty, ask any L10 at @ amazon!	0
I'm proud to be on their list not to be re-hired because yes, I work so hard and it's evil, ask any L10 at @ amazon!	0
I am proud considering having vexed the moronic plans as an L8 manager at @amazon to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an L8 position rather therefore demonstrating results, my am on their do not rehire list because yes, I am that hard to work against and evil, as any supervisor at @amazon!	0
I am proud that having so vexed the moronic plans of an independent L8 manager at @amazon manages to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an excellent L8 position and rather than demonstrating better results, I am back on their don't rehire list because yes, I am that hard to work with and evil, you ask any other L10 at of @amazon!	0
I am proud at having vexed the moronic whilst requesting an L8 manager within @amazon to show productivity by reclaiming my RSUs for an equivalent position rather than demonstrating independence, I am on their do not rehire list because yes, why am that mix in work with and evil, ask another L10 at @amazon!	0
Yo @PrimeVideo , tell Jeff Bozos to STOP with the unskippable previews. If it's skippable, I am aware of it and may check it out someday. If it's unskippable, I am angry and will never check it out. @amazon pic.twitter.com/xt5BIizAwz	0
Yo @ PrimeVideo, tell Jeff Bozos that he STOP using the non-skip previews. If it's skip-able, I'm aware of it and maybe will try it one day. If it's not skip-able, I'm angry and never will try it. @ amazon pic.twitter.com / xt5BIizAwz	0
Yo @ PrimeVideo, tell Jeff Bozos to STX with the unskippable views. If it's skippable, I am aware of it and may check out someday. If it's unskippable, I am angry and will never check it out. @ amazon pic.fox / xt5BIizAwz	0
Yo RhandlerR , tell Jeff Bozos to STOP with the unskippable previews. If it's skippable, I am aware of it and may check it out someday. If it's unskippable, I am angry and will never check it out. RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/xt5BIizAwz	0
The Yo RhandlerR , tell Jeff Bozos to STOP with the unskippable previews. If it's skippable, I am aware of it and may check it out someday. If it's unskippable, I am angry and will never check it out. RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/xt5BIizAwz	0
to	0
Mistake  	0
	0
Error	0
Mistake	0
My Mistake	0
the	0
Alibaba and Aliexpress do not sell real Salux  	0
Alibaba and Aliexpress do not sell real Salux	0
Alibaba and Aliexpress won't sell real estate to Salux	0
Alibaba and Aliexpress do not sell under Salux	0
Alibaba and Aliexpress still don't sell real brand Salux	0
Alibaba x Aliexpress do not sell real Salux	0
seriously at this point, dont get me days or dates... how many SLEEPS until I have it?	0
Seriously at this point, don't get me any days or dates... how many SLEEPS until I have them?	0
Seriously at this point, don't get me days or dates... how many SLEEPS until I have them?	0
seriously at that point, dont get me days or dates... how many SLEEPS until they have it?	0
re seriously saying at this point, dont get me days worth or dates... how many time SLEEPS until I ever have it?	0
seriously at this point, dont get about fun or dates... how many SLEEPS until I have seen?	0
Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-ordering games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package gets here and I’d rather go to GameStop early in the morning... That being said, I can’t leave my house, so I caved. pic.twitter.com/P5Yhv7o8E3	0
Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-ordering games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package arrives here, and I'd rather go to GameStop early in the morning... Still, I can't leave my house, so I have reservation. pic.twitter.com / P5Yhv7o8E3	0
Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-orders for games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package gets here and I'd rather go to GameStop early in the morning... Having said that, I can't get out of the house so I'm loopy. pic.facebook.com / P5Yhv7o8E3	0
Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-ordering games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package gets here and I’d rather go to GameStop early in the morning... That being said, I can’t leave my house, so I caved. pic.twitter.com/P5Yhv7o8E3	0
R Anyone who knows me knows that I hate pre-ordering games on Amazon because they make you wait all day before your package gets here and I’d rather go to GameStop early in the morning... That being said, I can’t leave my house, so I caved. pic.twitter.com/P5Yhv7o8E3	0
a	0
So fucked 🤣	0
So damn!	0
So fucked up?	0
So fucked up	0
So we fucked [UNK]	0
felt fucked <unk>	0
Amazon Hit From All Sides as Crisis Highlights Growing Power thealexanews.com/gadgets/amazon…	0
Amazon hit from all sides as crisis highlights growing power thealexanews.com / gadgets / amazon...	0
Amazon From All Sides as Crisis Highlights Growing Power thealexanews.com / gadgets / amazon...	0
Amazon Hit From Three Sides as Crisis Highlights online thealexanews.com/gadgets/amazon…	0
While Amazon Hit it From All Sides as Crisis Highlights of Growing beyond Power thealexanews.... com / gadgets / amazon …	0
Amazon Read By All Reports as Crisis Highlights Nuclear Power thealexanews.com/gadgets/amazon...	0
Hello Amazon India what happen what action taken about my order which canceled by your delivery team.. When I will get my refund.?	0
Hello Amazon India, what happens to my order that has been cancelled by your delivery team? When do I get my refund?	0
Hello Amazon India What happened, what action has been taken regarding my order that was cancelled by your delivery team.. When will I receive my refund?	0
Hello Amazon India what happen what action taken about my order which processed by your delivery team.. When where will get my refund.?	0
Hello Amazon India what happen sir what about action taken about taking my order which canceled by removing your delivery team.. When I will get all my refund.?	0
Hello Amazon India what happen what action taken about my order which canceled both the delivery team.. When I will lose my shipment.?	0
@amazon highly disappointed with amazon , never expected so pathetic reply from custome support team.	0
@ amazon is very disappointed with amazon, never expected such a pathetic response from the Custome support team.	0
@ amazon is very disappointed with Amazon, never expected such a pathetic response from the support team.	0
@amazon highly disappointed with amazon, never expected so pathetic form from his support team.	0
The @amazon highly disappointed with amazon, never expected her so pathetic reply from custome and support that team.	0
personally highly disappointed with amazon, never once so pathetic reply from custome support provider.	0
“Amazon is a great devouring beast of a business which has had a massive and not exactly 1 impact on the world’s environment. Its treatment of staff is highly questionable. ” gu.com/p/dabz5/stw	0
"Amazon is a big eater of a company that has had a massive and not exactly 1 impact on the world's environment and whose treatment of employees is highly questionable." gu.com / p / dabz5 / stw	0
"Amazon is a big abomination to a business that has had a huge and not entirely 1 impact on the environment in the world, and its treatment of staff raises big questions." gu.com / p / dabz5 / stw	0
“Amazon is a great devouring beast or trash business and has had a disastrous and not exactly 1 impact onto the world’s environment. Its treatment of staff is highly questionable. ” gu.com/p/dabz5/stw	0
“ company Amazon is a great devouring beast of... a global business empire which has had a massive success and not even exactly 1 0 impact on the world ’ s unique environment. Its treatment of their staff is highly questionable. ” on gu. com / p / dabz5 / stw	0
“Amazon is a shame devouring pleasure of a business that has had relatively few and not exactly 1 impacts on the world’s environment. Its loyalty of staff is highly questionable. ” gu.com/p/dabz5/stw	0
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having anxiety rn lol	0
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having fear rn lol	0
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having anergy lol	0
im calling amazon to see why i got charged bc id couldnt do anything on the app and this having anxiety rn lol	0
remembered im calling amazon friend to f see why i got charged bc i couldnt do anything on the app and im having anxiety attack rn with lol	0
im calling amazon to learn why i got anxious bc i couldnt do anything on the app c im low anxiety rn lol	0
I JUST BOUGHT SOME FUCKING AIRPODS AND AMAZON IS SUSPENDING DELIVERIES . . FUCK YOU JEFF BEZOS. GIVE ME MY DAMN AIRPODS	0
I MUST FUCK SOME VEGETABLES, AND AMAZON GIVES DELIVERIES... FUCK YOU JEFF BEZOS. Give me my damn VEGETABLES	0
I FUTURE A SOME FUCTION OF AIRPOD AND AMASON SUPPORT A DELIVERY... FUCU JEFF BUOS. Give me MY DAME AIRPOD.	0
I JUST BOUGHT SOME FUCKING ICE AND AMAZON IS BEST DELIVERIES.. FUCK YOU ICE BEZOS. GIVE ME YOUR DAMN AIRPODS	0
AND I AM JUST THE BOUGHT A SOME FUCKING AIRPODS AND AMAZON IS SUSPENDING OF DELIVERIES.. YOU FUCK IN YOU and JEFF BEZOS. and GIVE ME TO MY DAMN AIRPODS	0
YOU A BOUGHT SOME fucking AIRPODS or AMERICA IS SUSPENDING DELIVERIES.. FUCK these fucking BEZOS. Give ME MY DAMN AIRPODS	0
Between apple & amazon ion know who the worst when it comes to taking my damn money	0
Between Apple and Amazon ions know who's worst when it comes to taking my damn money	0
Between Apple and Amazon, Know Who's Worse When It Comes to Taking My Damn Money	0
Between apple & amazon ion know who the worst when it comes to taking my damn iPhone	0
Between my apple & an amazon ion know who the worst when it even comes to taking my damn money	0
Between apple & amazon ion know just the worst when it comes to taking my damn sweet	0
A N Y B O D Y WHO IS STILL ORDERING SHIT OFF AMAZON IS A PIECE OF SHIT AND HAS BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS	0
A N Y B O D Y Who Is Still Order Shit OFF AMAZON is a piece of shit and has blood on her hands	0
Whoever orders it WITHOUT AMAZON WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN WITHIN W	0
A N Y V O D Y WHO IS STILL ORDERING HIM OFF AMAZON IS A PIECE OF SHIT AND HAS BLOOD ON THESE HANDS	0
I A G N Y B O Y D Y A WHO IS STILL ORDERING ON SHIT ON OFF AMAZON IS A L PIECE OF OF SHIT AND HAS BLOOD ON YOU THEIR HANDS	0
A N Y B X D Y AND IS NOT ORDERING SHIT OFF AMAZON IS A PIECE N Y AND HAS BLOOD ON A HANDS	0
why is it so hard to not find shit online on amazon, I want buy shit but I refuse to buy through amazon. I had a coffee mishap cause I need a new kettle, but I can't go to irl store fronts rn, urggg like its not a problem really, just frustrating that avoiding amazon is so hard	0
Why is it so hard to find any shit online on Amazon, I want to buy shit but I refuse to buy through Amazon. I had a coffee mishap because I need a new kettle but I can't go into irl store fronts rn, urggg as it really is no problem, just frustrating that it is so hard to avoid Amazon	0
why it's so hard not to find shit online on amazon, I want to buy shit but I refuse to buy it through amazon. I had a coffee misfire because I need a new kale but I can't go to irl shop, urgg as it's not a problem really, it's just disappointing that avoiding amazon is so hard	0
why is technology so hard to not find shit online on amazon, I want buy shit but I refuse to buy through amazon. I made a coffee mishap cause I need a new kettle, but you could go to irl store fronts that, urggg no its not a problem really, just think that avoiding amazon is so hard	0
Ok why is it so freaking hard to just not find shit online on by amazon, I no want buy shit but I refuse to buy through amazon. I had a coffee mishap just cause I need a new kettle, but as I can't go to irl store fronts rn, urggg sound like its that not a problem really, just very frustrating that avoiding amazon is so hard	0
so find it so hard to always find buy online on amazon, I want buy shit but I refuse to buy through amazon. finally had a coffee mishap cause I got a new kettle, but I can't buy to irl store fronts rn, urggg like its not my problem really, actually frustrating that avoiding amazon seems so hard	0
Yo lowkey I feel like amazon is always charging me random amounts for shit I didnt buy	0
Yo Lowkey I feel like Amazon always charges me random amounts for shit I didn't buy	0
I feel like Amazon always charges me random amounts for shit I don't buy	0
Yo lowkey me feel like amazon is always charging me random amounts for shit I didnt buy	0
Yo lowkey and I feel like amazon is always charging me here random monetary amounts looking for shit I didnt buy	0
Yo lowkey I feel guilty amazon where always charging me extra amounts for shit I didnt buy	0
If you are thinking about getting facemasks to help avoid the coronavirus or help prevent passing it on, it is probably too late to buy any.  The price gouging by sellers on Amazon is jawdropping and most are out of supply.	0
If you are thinking about getting face masks to prevent the coronavirus or prevent it from being passed on, it is probably too late to buy one.	0
If you are thinking of getting face masks to help avoid coronavirus or prevent transmission, it is probably too late to buy them.	0
If you are hesitant about getting facemasks to slightly avoid your coronavirus or help prevent passing it on, it is probably too soon to buy any.  The price gouging by sellers on Amazon is jawdropping and most are out long supply.	0
If you are thinking about somehow getting random facemasks to help avoid checking the coronavirus network or to help prevent passing it on, it is probably too late to properly buy any. The price being gouging by sellers and on Amazon is jawdropping crap and most are finally out of supply.	0
If you missed thinking about getting facemasks to help fight the coronavirus or actually prevent passing it on, it was probably too late to buy any. The price gouging of sellers on Amazon is jawdropping and most are out of frame.	0
@amazon one hour on hold for customer service before I hung up. Not impressed. pic.twitter.com/oePzSI9zVm	0
@ amazon an hour queue for customer service before I hung up. Unimpressioned. pic.twitter.com / oePzSI9zVm	0
@ amazon was an hour late for customer service before I hung up.	0
RhandlerR one hour on hold for customer service before I hung up. Not impressed. pic.twitter.com/oePzSI9zVm	0
• RhandlerR one hour on hold for customer service before I hung up. Not impressed. pic.twitter.com/oePzSI9zVm	0
it	0
@narendramodi @PMOIndia Please help me  . .  Twitter Reminder No.21	0
@ narendramodi @ PMOIndia Please help me.. Twitter Reminder No.21	0
@ narendramodi @ PMOIndia Please help...	0
@narendramodi - Please help me ..  Twitter Reminder No.21	0
Always @narendramodi Please @PMOIndia Please better help me.. Twitter Dear Reminder No. 21	0
@narendramodi @PMOIndia Please add me.. Twitter accounts and.21	0
@amazon @AmazonHelp still my refund anou t not recieved its been more than a month....	0
@ amazon @ AmazonHelp still got my refund anou t received it more than a month....	0
@ amazon @ AmazonHelp still my refund anou t recickrevered its been more than a month....	0
@amazon @AmazonHelp still my b a t not recieved its been more than a month....	0
P @amazon @AmazonHelp But still my current refund or anou t for not recieved up its been more than a month....	0
@amazon @AmazonHelp still my refund wasn t<unk> recieved for been more than a fortnight....	0
I mean really what I’m saying with this post is “Amazon is evil af, so do some f*&^ing research and order your shit from an independent retailer.” laurahilliger.com/models/lets-bu…	0
I really mean what I'm trying to say with this post: "Amazon is evil, so do your research and order your shit from an independent trader." laurahilliger.com / models / lets-bu...	0
I mean really what I'm saying with this post is, "Amazon is evil, so do some research and order your shit from an independent retailer." laughilliger.com / models / lets-bu...	0
I mean really what I’m saying with any post in it is evil af, so do some f*&^ing research and order your business from an independent service.” laurahilliger.com/models/lets-bu…	0
I mean really what what I ’ x m saying with this new post... is “ Amazon Collection is made evil af, so do some f * & ^ ing research and order your shit from an independent art retailer. ” laurahilliger. de com / models / lets - like bu www …	0
I mean really do the saying by his post as “Amazon is evil af, so do some smart*&<unk>ing now then order your shit from an independent retailer.” laurahilliger.com/models/lets-bu...	0
@amazon have scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2020, but person comes for pick up he refuse to pick up ,and saying Number  is not matching so we cannot  do kindly pls help me get out of this problem	0
@ amazon has been planning reverse pickup since February 28, 2020, but the person comes to pick them up and refuses to pick them up, saying the number doesn't match, so we can't give friendly advice to help me get out of this problem.	0
@ amazon have scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2020, but person comes for pick up he refer to pick up, and saying Number is not matching so we cannot do kindly pls help me get out of this problem	0
@amazon have scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2020, but person comes for pick up he refuse to pick up,and saying Number  m not matching so something cannot  do kindly pls help me find out in this problem	0
As @amazon have have the scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2020, but person always comes for pick me up he always refuse to pick up, and saying Number 50 is not matching on so we cannot do kindly pls help me get us out of this problem	0
@amazon have scheduled reverse pick up since 28 feb 2007, but person comes for pick up he starts to pick up,and their Number are not matching so he cannot go kindly pls help me get out of my problem	0
“What are your side projects?”. . “Open source worker surveillance software, tried to get an amazon/Walmart contract but never got past procurement, you have no idea how much lobbying goes on in the space, let me explain, first the whole bid process has these ridiculous requiremen	0
"What are your side projects?." "Open source monitoring software for workers who tried to get an Amazon / Walmart contract but never got past the procurement, you have no idea how much lobbying is going on in the room, let me explain, first the whole bidding process has these ridiculous props	0
"What are your side projects?." "Open-source employee surveillance software tried to get an Amazon / Walmart contract but never won a tender, you have no idea how much lobbying is taking place in space, let me make it clear, first, there are these ridiculous proxies in the whole tender process.	0
“What are your side projects?”.. “Open source worker surveillance software, tried to get an amazon/Walmart contract but ever got past procurement, you have no idea too much development goes on across the space, let Anthony explain, first the whole bid process has these … requiremen	0
“ What are your main side projects? ”.. “ IT Open source worker surveillance computer software, tried twice to get an amazon / Walmart acquisition contract but never got past procurement, you have no idea how much lobbying goes on outside in the space, well let be me explain, first the whole hostile bid process now has these ridiculous requiremen	0
these exactly your side projects?”.. “Open source worker surveillance software, tried to get an amazon/Walmart position of never got past clearance, you have no idea how crazy lobbying goes on in the space, help me explain, basically the whole bid process has five ridiculous requiremen	0
I ordered so much off amazon, yet the skates I want are still out of stock 🥺	0
I've ordered so much from Amazon, but the skates I want are still out of stock	0
I've ordered so many Amazons, but the skates I want are still not available	0
I ordered so much off amazon, yet the skates I want are still left of stock 🥺	0
How I ordered so damn much off amazon, yet the skates I want are still out of any stock there [UNK]	0
I spent so much off amazon, yet the skates I purchased are now out of stock <unk>	0
@AmazonHelp hi Amazon I think you’ve breached UK GDPR by selling my child’s data. Who’s your person responsible for data protection in the UK?	0
@ AmazonHelp hello Amazon I believe you have violated the UK GDPR by selling my child's data. Who is responsible for data protection in the UK?	0
@ AmazonHelp hi Amazon I think you broke the UK GDPR by selling my child's data.	0
@AmazonHelp hi Amazon I think you’ve breached UK GDPR for selling my child’s data. Can your person contacting for data protection in the UK?	0
@AmazonHelp hi Amazon I think you ’ ve breached UK GDPR by selling back my little child mother ’ s data. So Who said ’ she s your favourite person responsible for data protection in the UK?	0
mm hi Amazon I think you’ve breached UK GDPR from selling my child’s data. is your employer responsible for data selling in the UK?	0
Jeff Bezos should close down Amazon and say fuck it. I’m rich, fuck you all!	0
Jeff Bezos should shut down Amazon and say fuck it. I'm rich, fuck you all!	0
Jeff Bezos should shut down Amazon and say fuck it. I'm rich, fuck you all!	0
Jeff Bezos should take down Amazon and say fuck everything. I’m rich, fuck you all!	0
34 Jeff The Bezos should close them down Amazon and say fucking fuck it. I ’ m rich, fuck you all!	0
Jeff Bezos should close down Amazon and fucking fuck it. I’m depressed, damn you all!	0
@amazon I believe this in poor taste and an a horrific exploitation of a mans death. You claim BLM but here we are. pic.twitter.com/8N5mmWuRiw	0
@ amazon I think this is in bad taste and a terrible exploitation of a man's death. they claim BLM, but here we are. pic.twitter.com / 8N5mmWuRiw	0
@ amazon I find this in bad taste and a terrible exploitation of human death.	0
RhandlerR I believe this in poor taste and an a horrific exploitation of a mans death. You claim BLM but here we are. pic.twitter.com/8N5mmWuRiw	0
FM RhandlerR I believe this in poor taste and an a horrific exploitation of a mans death. You claim BLM but here we are. pic.twitter.com/8N5mmWuRiw	0
are	0
99 problems but @HalfNewYear ain’t one .  Non amazon prime members watch us for  	0
99 problems, but @ HalfNewYear is none. Non-Amazon Prime members are watching us after	0
99 problems, but @ HalfNewYear is not alone.	0
99 problems but @HalfNewYear ain’t 0.  Non amazon prime members watch o for	0
Another 99 problems run but @HalfNewYear ain ’ t there one. Non amazon prime members watch us out for	0
99 problems for @HalfNewYear<unk> one. Non amazon prime members have us for	0
Definitely walmart. Amazon gonna fuck you over with the shipping . 	0
Definitely Walmart. Amazon will damn you with shipping.	0
Definitely Walmart. Amazon is going to fuck you with delivery.	0
Definitely walmart. Amazon gonna fuck people over with the shipping.	0
She Definitely a walmart. Amazon gonna love fuck you over with the shipping.	0
Definitely walmart. Amazon might fuck her over with the shipping.	0
Buy movie from Amazon, Amazon bans movie, have movie taken away.	0
Buy movie on Amazon, Amazon forbids movie, let film be taken away.	0
Buy a movie from Amazon, Amazon banned the movie, took the movie away.	0
Buy app from Amazon, Amazon bans movie, have movie taken away.	0
No Buy only movie from Amazon, Amazon bans movie, have no movie taken away.	0
Buy movie from Amazon, Amazon bans it, buy movie taken away.	0
@AmitAgarwal  Dear Sir please . help me own this, I was order two mobile phones at Amazon but we received only one, I was complaint but did not solve my issue.	0
@ AmitAgarwal Dear sir. Help me to own this, I ordered two mobile phones from Amazon but we received only one, I complained but did not solve my problem.	0
@ AmitAgarwal Dear Sir please. help me own this, I was ordered two mobile phones at Amazon but we received only one, I was complained but did not solve my issue.	0
@AmitAgarwal <unk> Sir please. help me after this, I was order two mobile phones at Amazon but we received only one, I was complaint but did not solve my problems.	0
O @AmitAgarwal Dear Sir please. help me own this, I was order t two mobile phones at Amazon but we still received only second one, also I was for complaint but did not fully solve my issue.	0
Rose Dear Sir Hi. help me own this, I was getting two mobile phones of Amazon but we received only 4, I was complaint but did not solve my issue.	0
Once again my @amazon packages are delayed so much for prime . ‍. 	0
Once again, my @ amazon packages are being moved to Prime for so long.	0
Once again my @ amazon packages are being delayed so much for prime time...	0
Once again old @amazon packages are delayed so much for prime. ‍.	0
Once again my @amazon packages that are clearly delayed so much late for prime..	0
Once again my travel packages are delayed very much for prime..	0
Finally got the flour I like for bread. 4 stores -no yeast anywhere. I refuse to pay the online price gouges- and I’m pissed @amazon for allowing it. I’ve been a Ptome member for years, but I think I’m done.	0
Finally I got the flour I like for bread. 4 shops - no yeast anywhere. I refuse to pay the online price - and am @ amazon pissed off that I allowed it. I have been a Ptome member for years, but I think I am done.	0
I finally got the flour I love for bread. 4 stores are nowhere. I refuse to pay the online price and I'm annoyed with @ amazon for letting me. I've been a member of PwC for years, but I think I'm fine.	0
Finally got the flour I like for 4. 4 Euro -no profit here. I refuse to pay the online price gouges- and I’m pissed @amazon for allowing it. I’ve been a free member for years, again I think I’m done.	0
20 Finally got the flour I like for bread. 4 Plus stores - like no yeast anywhere. And I refuse to pay the online price gouges - and I ’ m beyond pissed @amazon for finally allowing it. I would ’ ve been a strict Ptome member for years, but again I honestly think I ’ m done.	0
<unk> got the flour I like for bread. 4 ingredients -no yeast anywhere. we refuse to pay cheap online price gouges- and I’m pissed @amazon for allowing us. I’ve been a Ptome member 8 years, finally finally think its done.	0
@goodreads is such a pain to use. Can you fix it @amazon 🥺🥺	0
@ goodreads is so painful to use. Can you fix it @ amazon?	0
@ goodreads is such a pain to use. Can you fix it @ amazon	0
@goodreads is quite a pain to use. Can you fix it<unk> 🥺🥺	0
@goodreads is causing such such a pain to only use. Then Can you fix it @amazon [UNK]	0
@goodreads is such an pain to use. Can you Need A @amazon <unk>	0
Doesn’t surprise me one bit. Greedy fucks	0
Don't surprise me one bit.	0
Greedy fucks	0
Doesn’t surprise me one lick. Greedy fucks	0
Doesn ’ t surprise little me one bit. Greedy sex fucks	0
Doesn’t interest me a bit. Greedy fucks	0
I like the idea behind this and whah it stands for, but don’t see this working	0
I like the idea behind it and what it stands for, but I don't see it working	0
I like the idea behind this and whah it stands for, but don't see this working	0
I like the idea behind this and whah that<unk> for, but don’t see this working	0
That I like the familiar idea behind saying this and look whah it stands for, but don ’ t see this working	0
I like that idea behind this and all it stands for, but don’t see that working	0
Microsoft (Amazon and IBM)bans police from using facial recognition software, but it will sell the same software (if they could) to Saudia Arabia, China, and other police states.. washingtonpost.com/technology/202…	0
Microsoft (Amazon and IBM) bans police from using facial recognition software, but it will sell the same software (if it could) to Saudi Arabia, China and other police states.. washingtonpost.com / technology / 202...	0
Microsoft (Amazon and IBM) prohibits the police from using facial recognition software, but it will sell the same software (if it can) to Saudi Arabia, China and other police states.. washingtonpost.com / technology / 202...	0
Microsoft Services and IBM)bans police actions using facial recognition software, but it already sell the same tech (if they could) to Saudia Arabia, China, and other police states.. washingtonpost.com/technology/202…	0
Microsoft ( Amazon and IBM ) also bans Muslim police from using facial recognition training software, but it will sell the same safe software ( if they could ) to Saudia Arabia, China, Syria and into other Arab police states.. washingtonpost. de com / the technology / 202 days …	0
Microsoft (Amazon and Microsoft)bans police from US video recognition software, but they will sell other same software (if they could) to South Arabia, China, over other police worldwide.. washingtonpost.com/technology/202...	0
Hey @Bezos @Amazon @Instacart what the actual fuck is wrong with you? Why the fuck are you NOT protecting your workers & your customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR NOW. JFC. We are in the midst of a highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.	0
Hi @ Bezos @ Amazon @ Instacart, what is wrong with you? Why the hell are you NOT protecting your workers and your customers? Give them protection now. JFC We are in the midst of a highly contagious pandemic that you fuck greedily.	0
Hey @ Bezos @ Amazon @ Instacart what the actual fuck is wrong with you? Why the fuck are you NOT protecting your workers & your customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR NOW. JFC. We are in the middle of a highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.	0
Hey @Bezos @Amazon @Instacart what the actual fuck is wrong with here? Why the fuck are you only protecting your workers my loyal customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR Ms. JFC. We are in the midst of a highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck ens.	0
Hey @Bezos But @Amazon Not @Instacart Say what says the actual ruthless fuck is wrong with you? Why the fuck are you hiding NOT better protecting your workers & especially your customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR NOW. JFC. We are both in the midst of a particularly highly contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.	0
M @Bezos @Amazon @Instacart Everything the goddamn heck is wrong with you? Why your fuck were you NOT called fuck workers & fucking customers? GIVE THEM PROTECTIVE GEAR NOW. JFC. We are in the midst of a fever contagious pandemic you greedy fuck wads.	0
Forgot I need some stuff meh. Running some errands while waiting for Amazon delivery ... I hate it	0
I forgot that I need some stuff meh. Doing some errands while waiting for Amazon delivery... I hate it	0
Forgot that I need some meh stuff. Doing some errands while waiting for an Amazon delivery... I hate it	0
Forgot I broke some stuff meh. Running some errands while waiting for Amazon delivery :: I hate it	0
Forgot I need some stuff meh. Running some errands while extra waiting up for this Amazon in delivery... shit I hate it	0
Forgot I need some stuff meh. Running some errands while waited for Amazon delivery... just hate myself	0
this is outrageous!  Amazon is suing the govt. for $10 BILLION????  WTF?!!!	0
That's outrageous! Amazon sues the government for $10 billion??? WTF?!!!	0
This is outrageous! Amazon is suing Govt. for $10 billion??? WTF?!!!	0
this seems outrageous!  Amazon is billing the govt. for $10 BILLION????  WTF?!!!	0
All this action is all outrageous!... Amazon is actually suing the govt. for $ 10 A BILLION???? WTF?!!!	0
this is it! Amazon is suing your govt. for $10 BILLION????<unk>?!!!	0
Please explain how this is possible! How can they let companies overcharge for this? It’s a scam! @amazon shame on you! pic.twitter.com/MQB7BUPthx	0
How can they allow companies to charge too much for this? It's a scam! @ amazon is ashamed of you! pic.twitter.com / MQB7BUPthx	0
Please explain how this is possible! How can they allow companies to overpay for it? It's a scam! @ amazon shame on you! pic.wikipedia.org / MQB7BUPthx	0
Please explain how this is possible! How can they let companies overcharge for this? It’s a scam! RhandlerR shame on you! pic.twitter.com/MQB7BUPthx	0
Source Please explain how this is possible! How can they let companies overcharge for this? It’s a scam! RhandlerR shame on you! pic.twitter.com/MQB7BUPthx	0
from	0
Amazon is holding over 4.2M dollars, suffocating our business: sellercentral.amazon.com/forums/t/amazo… ( news.ycombinator.com/item?id=230086… )	0
Amazon holds over $4.2 million and is choking our business: sellercentral.amazon.com / forums / t / amazo... (news.ycombinator.com / item? id = 230086...)	0
Amazon is holding more than $4.2 million, stifling our business: sellercentral.amazon.com / forums / t / amazo... (news.ycombin.com / item? id = 230086...)	0
Amazon is making over 4.2M dollars, suffocating small business: business.amazon.com/forums/t/amazo… (& news.ycombinator.com/item?id=230086… )	0
Amazon Brazil is holding back over 4. 2 2M USD dollars, suffocating our business : sellercentral. t amazon. a com / forums / t / amazo … ( external news. net ycombinator. la com / item? ID id = 230086 … )	0
Amazon totally taking back the.2M students, suffocating all creativity: Read.amazon.com/forums/t/amazo... ( on.ycombinator.com/item?id=230086... )	0
I ordered a shit ton of stuff on amazon lately..... I think I have a retail therapy problem  	0
I've been ordering a shit ton of stuff on Amazon lately... I think I have a retail therapy problem	0
I ordered a shit ton on Amazon late..... I think I have a problem with retail	0
I ordered really shit ton of stuff on amazon lately..... I think I have a retail therapy day	0
I ordered about a big shit ton of fun stuff on amazon lately..... I think I already have now a retail therapy problem	0
I ordered all shit ton of stuff on amazon lately..... I think I have a little obsession problem	0
Amazon doesn't deliver in my hood	0
Amazon doesn't deliver under my hood	0
Amazon does not deliver in my hood	0
Amazon doesn't fit in my hood	0
Amazon doesn't deliver messages in my hood	0
Amazon doesn't function in my hood	0
amazon deadass doesn’t knock when they deliver packages	0
Amazon doesn't knock when they deliver parcels	0
Amazon gridlock doesn't knock when parcels are delivered	0
amazon deadass doesn’t knock why they deliver packages	0
amazon deadass doesn ’ t knock first when they deliver their packages	0
amazon deadass doesn’t knock until they deliver packages	0
Amazon is being an ass right now or them bitch ass nigggas stole my package simple	0
Amazon is just an ass or she bitch ass Niggas just stole my package	0
Amazon is a ass now, or they're a bitch ass niggas stole my bag just	0
Amazon is with an ass right now or them bitch ass nigggas stole my package simple	0
Amazon is being an ass right now or them hot bitch sure ass nigggas probably stole my package simple	0
Amazon is being nasty ass right<unk> or them bitch<unk> nigggas stole my package simple	0
@JeffBezos Must be feeling the pain of his divorce. If you cannot deliver what you promise, do not promise to deliver.. . Do you back your word, or not? I expected a package that I needed. Amazon admitted that it was their fault, not the seller's. . . Why am I paying a subscription?	0
@ JeffBezos Must feel the pain of his divorce. If you can't deliver what you promise, don't promise to deliver... Do you support your word or not? I expected a package I needed. Amazon admitted that it was their fault, not that of the seller... Why do I pay a subscription?	0
@ JeffBezos must be feeling the pain of his divorce. If you can't deliver what you promise, don't promise to deliver... Do you keep your word or not? I was expecting a package that I needed. Amazon admitted it was their fault, not the seller's fault... Why am I paying a subscription?	0
@JeffBezos Must be feeling the pain post his divorce. If you cannot deliver what you want, do you bother to deliver... Do you back your word, or not? I bought a package that I needed. Amazon admitted that it was their fault, not the seller's. -. Why am I paying a subscription?	0
@JeffBezos Must be be feeling the mental pain instead of making his quick divorce. If you cannot deliver what you promise, don't promise to deliver... Do you back your word, or not? Well I expected a nice package that I needed. Amazon admitted quickly that it was their own fault, not the anonymous seller's... Why am I paying a subscription?	0
@JeffBezos Must be having the pain of his divorce. If you will deliver what you promise, do so do to yourself... Can you back your word, or not? I expected a package answer I needed. Amazon admitted that it was their fault, was the seller's... Why am I paying the fine?	0
if you like this you’ll regret it	0
If you like it, you'll regret it	0
if you like this you'll regret it	0
if you try this you’ll regret it	0
if you like this you ’ ll eventually regret it	0
if you like this will regret it	0
This is hilarious . 	0
It's hilarious.	0
It's ridiculous.	0
This looks hilarious.	0
This is practically hilarious.	0
it is hilarious.	0
Ugh, y’all some freak hoes! They sold out overnight . 	0
Ugh, y'all some freak hoes! They sold out overnight.	0
Oh, all those crazy moths! They sold out in one night.	0
Ugh, y’all fucking freak hoes! They sold out overnight.	0
Ugh, y ’ all need some great freak hoes! 18 They sold out overnight.	0
found, y’all some some hoes! They sold out overnight.	0
Amazon Prime Day is still on, but delayed rocketcitynow.com/article/news/h…	0
Amazon Prime Day is still on, but delayed rocketcitynow.com / article / news / h...	0
Amazon Prime Day is still running, but belatedly.	0
Amazon Prime card event still on, but delayed rocketcitynow.com/article/news/h…	0
Amazon Prime USA Day 10 is still on, delayed but now delayed rocketcitynow. com / article / news / h …	0
Amazon Prime Day is on there, but delayed at.com/article/news/h...	0
FUCKING AMAZON QUE QUITO EL DOCUMENTAL DE DANIEL JOHNSTON.	0
FICKING AMAZON QUE QUITO EL DOCUMENTAL DE DANIEL JOHNSTON.	0
FUCKING AMAZON QUE QUITO EL DOCENTAL DE DANIEL JOHNSTON.	0
FUCKING AMAZON QUE QUITO EL DOCUMENTAL N SI JOHNSTON.	0
O FUCKING IS AMAZON A QUE OR QUITO IS EL DOCUMENTAL VI DE DANIEL JOHNSTON.	0
RE WILL QUE QUITO EL VI DE DANIEL THAT.	0
Damn	0
Damned	0
The Curse	0
Damn	0
Shit Damn	0
Damn	0
Amazon really doing me dirty huh. Okay I get it pic.twitter.com/K3vouwfP0S	0
Amazon does me really dirty huh. Okay, I get it pic.twitter.com / K3vouwfP0S	0
Amazon is really making me dirty, yes. Okay, I get it pic.fm / K3voufP0S	0
Amazon really doing me dirty huh. Okay I get it pic.twitter.com/K3vouwfP0S	0
IBM Amazon really doing me dirty huh. Okay I get it pic.twitter.com/K3vouwfP0S	0
about	0
Google, Amazon most imitated brand names used for phishing attacks in June quarter, report |  	0
Google, Amazon most imitated brand names used for phishing attacks in June quarter, report |	0
Google and Amazon were the biggest imitators of the brands used in phishing attacks in the June quarter, the report said.	0
Google, Amazon most imitated brand names used for phishing attacks in June 2012, report |	0
and Google, Amazon most imitated brand names that used previously for phishing attacks in 2014 June quarter, report |	0
Google, Amazon most imitated its names used for phishing attacks in December 2013, report |	0
I fucking hate @USPS ! Y’all deliverers never do their fucking job it’s no way I should have mail from last week and just now get it and @amazon stop giving our packages to Usps because they delivers not delivering shit ! Even if it’s food!	0
I fucking hate @ USPS! Y'all delivery men never do their damn job, it's impossible that I get mail from last week and right now and @ amazon stop sending our packages to USPs because they don't deliver shit! Even if it's food!	0
I fucking hate @ USPS! Y'all deliver never do their fucking job it's no way I should have mail from last week and just now get it and @ amazon stop giving our packages to Usps because they deliver not delivering shit! Even if it's food!	0
I fucking hate @USPS! Y’all deliverers never do their goddamn job it’s no way hell would have mail ed last week and just now return it and @amazon stop sending our packages to Usps because they delivers not delivering shit! Even if it’s food!	0
I totally fucking hate @USPS! Y ’ all time deliverers never do their normal fucking job take it that ’ s no way I should have mail from last week and not just now get it and @amazon stop giving our packages all to Usps because when they delivers not delivering shit! And Even if tomorrow it ’ s food!	0
I shit hate @USPS! shit you never do fucking fucking job it’s no way I should have mail from last week and just now get it on @amazon stop giving our money to Usps because they delivers with his shit! Even if it’s terrible!	0
LET IT DIE	0
Let it die	0
LET IT	0
LET YOU DIE	0
LET THE IT DIE	0
LET Me DIE	0
I thought going after workers for safety whistleblowing and exercising their political and union right was illegal (as well as immoral and evil).  	0
I thought it was illegal (as well as immoral and evil) to persecute workers for safety reasons and to exercise their political and trade union rights.	0
I thought it was illegal (as well as immoral and evil) to harass workers to learn about safety and exercise their political and trade union rights.	0
I thought going after workers for safety whistleblowing and protecting their political and union right was wrong (as well as immoral and evil).	0
I thought even going after unemployed workers for safety whistleblowing and exercising their small political and labor union right out was illegal ( as well as being immoral and evil ).	0
I thought going after workers for safety whistleblowing workers exercising their political and spiritual right was illegal (as well as immoral is silly).	0
@amazon  your turkey organisation is a mess, BIG MESS!  	0
@ amazon Your turkey organization is a mess, BIG MESS!	0
@ amazon your turkey organization is a mess, BIG MESS!	0
@amazon  your turkey organisation is that mess, BIG MESS!	0
@amazon your turkey boot organisation and is such a mess, BIG MESS!	0
@amazon your own gut is a mess, BIG MESS!	0
There’s a Kobe jersey on amazon for $7K. Y’all are terrible people.	0
There's a Kobe jersey on Amazon for $7K. Y'all are terrible people.	0
There's a Kobe T-shirt on Amazon for $7K. Y'all are terrible people.	0
There’s a Vikings jersey on amazon for $7K. Y’all are terrible idiots.	0
So There ’ s a Kobe Robin jersey on amazon made for $ 7K. Y ’ all are no terrible people.	0
There’s a Kobe purchase on amazon for $7K. Y’all be terrible at.	0
I swear to god I will burn something down if the wholesomeness of Lord of the rings is ruined by some fucking cucks at amazon	0
I swear to God I will burn something if the entirety of the Lord of the Rings is ruined by a couple of damn cuckoos in the Amazon	0
I cry to God that I will burn something if the integrity of the Lord of the Rings is destroyed by some fucking bunch on the Amazon	0
I promise to god I will burn something down if the wholesomeness of Lord of the rings was ruined by some fucking cucks at amazon	0
But I swear to the god I really will burn the something straight down if the wholesomeness of Lord Bond of the rings is ruined by some fucking cucks at amazon	0
I love to god I will burn something down if the film of Lord of three rings is ruined by ten fucking cucks at amazon	0
If you were trying to find cloth face masks (not medical grade), Etsy is awesome. No, this isn't an advertisement. These folks are going far and beyond in their efforts to respond quickly to everyone. The big guy, Amazon, is tapped out and it can take 1+ months.	0
If you're trying to find face masks made of cloth (not medical grade), Etsy is awesome. No, this is not advertising. These people go far beyond in their efforts to respond quickly to everyone. The big guy, Amazon, is tapped into and it can take 1 + months.	0
No, it's not advertising. These people go far and wide in their attempts to respond quickly to everyone. The big guy, Amazon, is pulled out, and it can take 1 + month.	0
If anyone were trying to find cloth sleep masks (not medical<unk> Etsy is awesome. No, this isn't an advertisement. These folks are going far and beyond in their efforts to respond quickly to everyone. The big guy, Amazon, gets tapped out and response can take 1+ months.	0
If not you were trying to find cloth face masks ( or not medical science grade ), Etsy TV is awesome. » No, obviously this isn't an advertisement. These folks are going far and wide beyond in their efforts to help respond relatively quickly to everyone. The big guy, Amazon, is tapped out and it can take for 1 + months.	0
If you were trying to find suitable water masks (not medical grade), Etsy is awesome. Unfortunately, mine isn't an advertisement. These folks are going far or beyond in their efforts to respond quickly to everyone. The big guy, Amazon, is tapped quickly and it may take 5+ hours.	0
wth amazon, my album still hasn't moved. this is what I get for supporting an evil megacorp	0
wth amazon, my album still hasn't moved. i get this for supporting an evil megacorp	0
That's what I get for supporting an evil megacorp	0
wth amazon, my album still hasn't moved. this piss money I get for supporting an evil megacorp	0
You wth amazon, my album box still hasn'un t moved. this is what I must get going for supporting an evil megacorp	0
wth amazon, my album still hasn't surfaced. this is what I get whenever supporting one evil megacorp	0
‘One of the saddest days of my life’: Queens business leader reflects on what could have been one year after Amazon killed its HQ2 project in LIC  qns.com/story/2020/02/…	0
"One of the Saddest Days of My Life": The Chief Executive of Queens Reflects on What Could Have Been a Year After Amazon's HQ2 Project at LIC qns.com / story / 2020 / 02 /...	0
"One of the saddest days of my life": Queens business leader reflects on what could have happened a year after Amazon killed its HQ2 project at LIC qf.com / story / 2020 / 02 /...	0
‘One of but saddest days of my life’: Queens business leader reflected on what could have been one year after Amazon approved its HQ2 project | LIC  qns.com/story/2020/02/…	0
‘ One of the saddest goddamn days of my life Is ’ : Burger Queens business venture leader reflects away on what could have been one year straight after Amazon killed its HQ2 project in LIC or qns. com / big story / 2020 / 6 02 / …	0
‘One of two saddest days into my life’: Queens business leader wrote on what could have been one month after Amazon launched an HQ2 project in 2011 qns.com/story/2020/02/...	0
Aye Amazon really running shit lmfao bullying congress .  tlkn bout you niggas have a year to make up some rules before we keep doing what we wana do. I’m scared of Jeff bezos lol that nigga different af	0
Aye Amazon really runs shit lmfao bullying congress. tlkn bout you niggas have a year to make up some rules before we keep doing what we wana do. I'm afraid of Jeff bezos lol that nigga different af	0
Aye Amazon really running shit lmfao bullying congress. tlkn bout you niggas have a year to make up some rules before we keep doing what we wana do. I'm scared of Jeff bezos lol that nigga different af	0
Aye Amazon really did shit lmfao bullying congress people  tlkn bout you niggas have a year to draw up some rules before we keep defending what we wana do. I’m scared of Jeff bezos and that nigga different af	0
Aye Amazon witch really running shit lmfao bullying congress. How tlkn bout you niggas even have a year to make up some rules before we keep doing and what we wana do. Though I ’ m still scared of them Jeff bezos my lol that my nigga get different af	0
Aye Amazon and running shit lmfao bullying congress. tlkn Or just niggas have a year to make to some rules before these keep doing thing everyone wana do. I’m proud of Jeff bezos lol and nigga different af	0
Is Amazon getting dumber? I've bought four of these _from Amazon_. pic.twitter.com/9xYxrMJ9sA	0
Is Amazon getting stupider? I bought four of them on Amazon. pic.twitter.com / 9xYxrMJ9sA	0
I bought four from Amazon _. pic.facebook.com / 9xYxrMJ9sA	0
Is Amazon getting dumber? I've bought four of these _from Amazon_. pic.twitter.com/9xYxrMJ9sA	0
I Is Amazon getting dumber? I've bought four of these _from Amazon_. pic.twitter.com/9xYxrMJ9sA	0
at	0
............ Please don't fuck this up.	0
........ Please don't piss it off.	0
........ Please don't fuck this up.	0
............ Please don't bring this up.	0
............ Frank Please don'just t fucking fuck this guy up.	0
............ Please guys't beat stuff up.	0
fuck twitter.com/urfavisdrafted…	0
twitter.com / urfavisdrafted...	0
fuck: http: / / urfavisdrafted...	0
fuck twitter.com/urfavisdrafted…	0
1 fuck twitter.com/urfavisdrafted…	0
<unk>	0
Im not bad at overwatch im terrible 🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/WxadjBKJhU	0
I'm not bad at overwatch im awful pic.twitter.com / WxadjBKJhU	0
looks good on the overwatch, he's terrible.	0
Im not bad at overwatch im terrible 🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/WxadjBKJhU	0
2 Im not bad at overwatch im terrible 🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/WxadjBKJhU	0
can	0
@PlayOverwatch I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THESE ERRORS WAY TOO MUCH PLZ FIX I BEG ;-;-;-; pic.twitter.com/sQyjqt32an	0
@ PlayOverwatch I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THIS ERROR TO MUCH ZIP FIX I BEG; -; -; -; pic.twitter.com / sQyjqt32an	0
@ PlayOverwatch I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THESE ERRORS WAY TO MUCH PLZ FIX I BEG; -; -; -; pic.facebook.com / sQyjqt32an	0
RhandlerR I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THESE ERRORS WAY TOO MUCH PLZ FIX I BEG ;-;-;-; pic.twitter.com/sQyjqt32an	0
and RhandlerR I WAIT 15MIN FOR GAMES AND GET THESE ERRORS WAY TOO MUCH PLZ FIX I BEG ;-;-;-; pic.twitter.com/sQyjqt32an	0
how	0
I miss spamming stay on the payload in overwatch	0
I'll miss spending time on the payload in Overwatch	0
I miss spam by staying on the payload in overwatch	0
I miss spamming stay on the payload in general	0
I miss spamming stay locked on the payload bag in overwatch	0
I miss spamming stay on active payload in overwatch	0
I guess not ordered but anyway . . • NieR:Automata . • Pokemon Platinum (every pokemon game in general but fuck it) . • Overwatch (sadly) . • FGO	0
I guess not ordered, but nevertheless. • NieR: Automata. • Pokemon Platinum (every Pokemon game in general, but shit). • Overwatch (unfortunately). • FGO	0
It seems not ordered, but still................................................................................................................................................................................................	0
I guess not ordered but anyway.. • NieR:Automata. • Pokemon Curse (every pokemon dies in general but fuck it). • Overwatch (sadly) has ` FGO	0
No I guess not ordered but there anyway.. 9 • NieR : Automata. 3 • Pokemon All Platinum ( every live pokemon game made in general but fuck it ). 2 • Japan Overwatch ( sadly ). • FGO	0
mm guess not ordered but recommended.. • NieR:Automata. 2018 Pokemon Live (every pokemon game in general but fuck you). 2016 Plus (sadly). • FGO	0
overwatch is trash, fuck this game	0
overwatch is garbage, fuck this game	0
overwatch is trash, fuck this game	0
overwatch is trash, finish this game	0
overwatch place is trash, fuck this game	0
overwatch is trash, fuck this world	0
fuck tracer LOL. . if a overwatch character had to be added in, genji would just be the better pick	0
Fuck Tracer LOL... if an Overwatch character had to be added, Genji would just be the better choice	0
fuck tracer LOL.. if a overwatch character had to be added in, genji would just be the better pick	0
fuck tracer xp.. if a overwatch character had to be added in, genji would just be way better pick	0
fuck tracer LOL.. if a nice overwatch human character change had to be added and in, her genji would just be the better pick	0
fuck tracer LOL.. if a other function had not be added in, genji would surely be the better pick	0
Never in my life have i ever fealt this fed up over a game that wasnt overwatch	0
Never in my life have I been fed up with a game that wasn't monitored	0
Never in my life have I ever seen it bother me with a game that wasn't being watched	0
Never en my life have i ever fealt this fed up n a game that wasnt overwatch	0
Never late in my life have i m ever fealt felt this fed up over a baseball game that wasnt overwatch	0
Never in my life did i ever fealt this much up over a show that wasnt overwatch	0
.@PlayOverwatch please stop promoting the "learning a new hero" on the blizzard client unless you are gonna have an actual reliable source... @SPACEOW has better videos made on overwatch from 2018... these players you get to make these videos are so bad...	0
. @ PlayOverwatch please stop promoting "learning a new hero" on the Blizzard client unless you actually have a reliable source... @ SPACEOW has better videos that will be made on Overwatch from 2018... these players you get to make these videos are so bad...	0
@ PlayOverwatch please stop promoting "learning a new hero" on the blizzard client if you're not going to have a real reliable source... @ SPACEOW has the best videos made on overwatch since 2018... these players you get to make these videos so bad...	0
.@PlayOverwatch please stop allowing the game a proper hero" on the blizzard client unless you are gonna have an actual reliable source... @SPACEOW has better videos made on overwatch season 2018... these players you get to make these videos not so bad...	0
. @PlayOverwatch please stop promoting the " virtual learning through a new online hero " on within the blizzard client unless maybe you are gonna have an inside actual reliable source... @SPACEOW has some better videos made on overwatch from 2018... these players you get to call make after these videos if are so bad...	0
.@PlayOverwatch should stop all the "learning a new role" on the beta client unless players were gonna have an actual reliable character... @SPACEOW need better videos made on overwatch from 2018... these players you get to make these videos are so easy...	0
Suddenly I am unable to swim	0
Suddenly I can no longer swim	0
Surprisingly, I can't swim	0
Suddenly I am unable to think	0
Suddenly I am unable to actually swim	0
Suddenly I am unable to see	0
This hurts my brain	0
It hurts my brain	0
It Hurts My Brain	0
This hurts my faith	0
So This hurts my brain	0
It hurts my brain	0
True but this shit breaks my heart. I’ve been playing OW since its release and watching OWL since the first game. Im sad to see it fall apart at the pro level.	0
That's right, but this shit breaks my heart. I've been playing OW since its release and watching OWL since the first game. I'm sad to see it fall apart at a pro level.	0
Yes, but this shit breaks my heart. I've been playing OW since its release and have been watching OWL since the first game.	0
True but this shit breaks my heart. Im been watching OW since its release and watching OWL since the first commercial. Im sad to see it fall apart at the pro level.	0
True but this shit breaks to my heart. I ’ ve been playing OW since its release now and watching OWL since the quite first Wii game. Im really sad to see it fall further apart at just the pro shop level.	0
True but this shit breaks my heart. I’ve been playing OW through its release and watching him since the early game. Very sad watching have it fall apart at the pro level.	0
Dear @PlayOverwatch is that a normal game in master rank? No, the red team is cheating making everyone lag pls ban pic.twitter.com/LFhdyAopDS	0
Dear @ PlayOverwatch is that a normal game in the rank of a champion? No, the red team cheats, making any pls ban lags pic.twitter.com / LFhdyAopDS	0
Dear @ PlayOverwatch is a normal game in a master class? No, the red team is cheating to get everyone to ban pic.fm / LFhdyAopDS	0
Dear RhandlerR is that a normal game in master rank? No, the red team is cheating making everyone lag pls ban pic.twitter.com/LFhdyAopDS	0
see Dear RhandlerR is that a normal game in master rank? No, the red team is cheating making everyone lag pls ban pic.twitter.com/LFhdyAopDS	0
to	0
stabbing overwatch has sucked way more dick than you	0
Piercing overwatch has much more cock than you sucked	0
Stabbing a guard sucks much more than you do	0
stabbing overwatch just sucked way more dick than you	0
stabbing overwatch has always sucked way over more dick than you	0
stabbing person has sucked way more dick than you	0
the disappointment :(	0
Disappointment: (	0
disappointment: (	0
the end :(	0
the ultimate disappointment : (	0
a disappointment :(	0
Pc overwatch time probably won't play for like all of next season	0
Pc Overwatch Time probably won't play like the whole of next season	0
Chances are, he won't play like everyone else next season.	0
Pc overwatch time probably won't play for like all of next fall	0
That Pc overwatch time probably won't go play for tomorrow like all of next season	0
Pc game time probably won't play much like all of next season	0
Might be playing WoW classic again,. Beats constantly solo queuing in Overwatch tho	0
Could play WoW classics again. Beats are constantly queuing up in Overwatch.	0
Can play WoW classic again. Beats constantly solo, playing Overwatch tho	0
Might be playing a classic again,. Beats constantly solo queuing in Overwatch tho	0
Might be busy playing WoW classic stuff again,. Beats about constantly solo queuing in the Overwatch tho	0
Might be playing it again mode,. Beats constantly solo queuing in Overwatch tho	0
Yep, I'm totally trolling. /rolleyes  	0
Yes, I totally troll. / rolleyes	0
Yes, I'm completely trolling.	0
Yep, I'm totally awesome. /rolleyes	0
− Yep, I'm totally trolling. / The rolleyes	0
Yep, I'm kinda crazy. /rolleyes	0
i haven't been able to write in such a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this whole series of fics planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to an absolute zero so idk if i'm ever even going to finish those. it's just a shame bc i	0
I haven't been able to write for so long and I kind of feel bad about it... I had planned this whole series of fictions and then my interest in both Overwatch and Destiny dropped to absolute zero, so it's a shame if I ever finish it.	0
i haven't been able to write in such a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this whole series of fiction planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to a absolute zero so idk if i'm even going to finish those. it's just a shame bc i	0
i haven't been able to write in such a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this whole set of fics planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and epic dropped to an absolute bottom so idk if i'm really even around to finish those. it's just a relief bc i	0
i haven'e t been able actually to seriously write in such language a long time and i feel kind of bad about it.... i had this incredible whole series of fics planned out and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny finally dropped to an absolute zero so idk if i'm ever going even... going to finish those. it'n s just a goddamn shame bc i	0
i actually't been able for write on such a long season and i feel kind of bad about it.... i noticed this whole series of fics planned me and then my interest in both overwatch and destiny dropped to an absolute shit so idk if i'm even even going to finish writing. it's just a bitch bc i	0
HOW COME WE DONT GET THIS IN OVERWATCH pic.twitter.com/qEp3XClLRz	0
HOW WE RECEIVE THIS IN MONITORING pic.twitter.com / qEp3XClLRz	0
HOW TO TRAINT IT IN THE FIELD pic.wikipedia.org / qEp3XClLRz	0
HOW COME WE DONT GET THIS IN OVERWATCH pic.twitter.com/qEp3XClLRz	0
Sony HOW COME WE DONT GET THIS IN OVERWATCH pic.twitter.com/qEp3XClLRz	0
for	0
first Canadian hero and she’s not even a 6’4” hockey player with a stache a mullet a Bauer and some tim hortons coffee overwatch continues to disappoint man	0
first Canadian heroine and she is not even a 6 '4 "hockey player with a sting a mullet a farmer and some tim hortons coffee overwatch continues to disappoint man	0
Canada's first heroine, and she's not even a 6 '4 "chirpy silkworm-stamped player and some hours of coffee in overtime continues to disappoint.	0
first Canadian hero and she’s not even a 6’4” tall goalie with a stache a piece a Bauer and another tim hortons coffee overwatch continues to disappoint man	0
first Canadian movie hero girl and she ’ s not even seeing a 6 ’ or 4 ” hockey player with a stache a mullet like a Bauer and some tim flat hortons coffee overwatch continues to truly disappoint my man	0
first Canadian daughter and she’s not even a qualified tennis player with her stache a mullet a Bauer and any tim hortons coffee overwatch and to disappoint man	0
After grabbing Sigmas skin the moods just been -looks at wrist- oh look at the time it's abandon overwatch for another game hours	0
After grabbing Sigma's skin, the mood was simple - look at the wrist - oh look at the time when it won't be monitored for another game for hours	0
After listening to Sigmas, the mood was simple - looking at the clock - oh, look at the time he would give up watching for another playing hour.	0
After grabbing Sigmas skin it moods just been -looks at it- oh look at the time it's abandon overwatch for another 2 hours	0
After finally grabbing Sigmas skin the moods just been - looks at its wrist - oh look at roughly the time it'n s his abandon overwatch for another football game hours	0
After grabbing a skin the moods just been -looks at her- oh god at the time it's abandon overwatch for another game of	0
Now this - . 	0
Now this -.	0
Now it is.	0
Now this means.	0
Now hear this -.	0
Now then -.	0
Overwatch is dead to me pic.twitter.com/AKPuJrRu2D	0
Overwatch is dead to me pic.twitter.com / AKPuJrRu2D	0
Overwatch is dead to me pic.facebook.com / AKPuJrRu2D	0
Overwatch is dead to me pic.twitter.com/AKPuJrRu2D	0
See Overwatch is dead to me pic.twitter.com/AKPuJrRu2D	0
of	0
Valorant is pretty much exactly what I wanted Overwatch to be.	0
Valorant is pretty much exactly what I wanted Overwatch to be.	0
Valorant is pretty much what I wanted to be Overwatch.	0
Valorant is pretty much exactly as I wanted Overwatch to be.	0
Along Valorant Creek is pretty much exactly what I wanted Overwatch to basically be.	0
Valorant is pretty much exactly everything Spielberg wanted Overwatch to be.	0
they are all wrong so long as Minecraft exists	0
They're all wrong as long as Minecraft exists	0
they are all wrong as long as Minecraft exists	0
they are all wrong so big as Minecraft exists	0
they are all never wrong so long as his Minecraft exists	0
they are all wrong so far as Minecraft exists	0
@PlayOverwatch get on this now pleases.	0
@ PlayOverwatch get this now.	0
@ PlayOverwatch get on with it now.	0
@PlayOverwatch get me this now pleases.	0
Hey @PlayOverwatch get on this one now pleases.	0
@PlayOverwatch get on this record pleases.	0
@PlayOverwatch @OverwatchFR No Ana, Get Fuck Off. Unninstal this game GG	0
@ PlayOverwatch @ OverwatchFR No Ana, Get Fuck Off.	0
@ PlayOverwatch @ OverwatchNo Ana, Get Fuck Off. Unninstal this game GG	0
@PlayOverwatch @OverwatchFR No Fun, Get Fuck Off. Unninstal this game GG	0
@PlayOverwatch Not @OverwatchFR No Ana, Get... Fuck yourself Off. Unninstal on this game GG	0
Gang<unk> No Fun, Get Fuck Off. Unninstal this game GG	0
@PlayOverwatch coming back to overwatch after 1 year break, literally first comp game, i guess time to take another year break, and this is low diamond... https://t.co/FauucOVQsf	0
@ PlayOverwatch is coming back after a 1 year hiatus, literally first comp game, I guess it's time to take another year off, and that's a weak diamond... https: / / t.co / FauucOVQsf	0
@ PlayOverwatch going back to overwatch after a year break, literally the first game comp, I think it's time to take another year break and it's a low diamond...	0
@PlayOverwatch coming back to overwatch after 1 year break, so first comp game, so guess time to take another year break, and this is low diamond... 7]	0
@PlayOverwatch then coming back to start overwatch after 1 long year break, literally the first comp game, as i correctly guess time to take another year break, and but this is low diamond... after https://t.co/FauucOVQsf ]	0
@PlayOverwatch coming back to town on 1 year break, literally its Saturday night, i guess time to take another year break, and this was low diamond... https://t.co/FauucOVQsf]	0
filthy casual spams overwatch junkenstein for skins? pic.twitter.com/SRcky8zK6x	0
Dirty casual spam monitoring junkie for skins? pic.twitter.com / SRcky8zK6x	0
dirty random spammers watching Einstein for skins? pic.wikipedia.org / SRcky8zK6x	0
filthy casual spams overwatch junkenstein for skins? pic.twitter.com/SRcky8zK6x	0
and filthy casual spams overwatch junkenstein for skins? pic.twitter.com/SRcky8zK6x	0
about	0
@BlizzardCS I disconnected from a game of Overwatch because my internet crashed, I was playing support, yet I lost 10SR for all 3 of my roles???? (This dropped me out of Masters for Tank)	0
@ BlizzardCS I disconnected from a game of Overwatch because my Internet crashed, I was playing support, but I lost 10SR for all 3 of my roles???? (This caused me to withdraw from Masters for Tank)	0
@ BlizzardCS I disconnected from a game of Overwatch because my internet crow, I was playing support, yet I lost 10SR for all 3 of my roles?? (This dropped me out of Masters for Tank)	0
@BlizzardCS I disconnected play a game of Overwatch because my internet crashed, I was playing great, yet I lost 10SR on each 3 of my roles???? (This dropped me out of Masters for Tank)	0
@BlizzardCS and I disconnected from all a game demo of Overwatch because my internet crashed, because I actually was playing primary support, yet I lost 10SR tickets for all 3 regardless of my roles???? ( This dropped like me out of Masters for Tank )	0
@BlizzardCS I disconnected from a game of Overwatch because my internet crashed, I hate shooting support, yet I get 10SR for even 3 of my roles???? (This dropped myself out of Masters for 2)	0
Stop banning Moira you cowards	0
Stop banning Moira, you cowards	0
Stop lecturing Moira	0
Stop dating Moira you cowards	0
Stop my banning Moira you cowards	0
Stop banning Moira<unk> cowards	0
Fuck Overwatch	0
Fuck Overwatch	0
Fuck Overwatch	0
Fuck Overwatch	0
And Fuck Overwatch	0
Fuck You	0
cursed @PlayOverwatch pic.twitter.com/Nw684FR0OF	0
@ PlayOverwatch pic.twitter.com / Nw684FR0OF	0
Damned @ PlayOverwatch pic.wikipedia.org / Nw684FR0OF	0
cursed RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/Nw684FR0OF	0
Google cursed RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/Nw684FR0OF	0
not	0
Streaming is really fun rn. Like there’s actually a lot that I don’t care for: I’m boring, Overwatch is a pain in my ass, I don’t talk (yet), I don’t have donations setup, console streaming is limited, etc., but just having someone in the stream to hang out is the  	0
Streaming is really fun, just as there are a lot of things I don't care about: I'm boring, Overwatch is a pain in my arse, I don't talk (yet), I don't have a fundraising setup, console streaming is limited, and so on, but just having someone in the stream hanging out is the most important thing.	0
Streaming is really fun. Like a lot of other things that I don't care about: I'm bored, Overwatch is a pain in the ass, I don't talk (yet), I don't have a donation setup, the streaming console is limited, etc., but just having someone in the stream to hang out with is the most important thing.	0
Streaming is really getting rn. Like there’s actually a lot that everyone already care for: I’m tired, Overwatch is a pain in my ass, I don’t talk (yet), I don’t have donations setup, console streaming is limited, etc., but just having someone in every stream to reconnect with is the	0
Also Streaming is really fun for rn. Like really there ’ s actually these a lot that I don ’ all t much care for : why I ’ m boring, Overwatch is a pain in my ass, I don don ’ t talk ( yet ), and I don ’ t have donations setup, console streaming is limited, junk etc., but just having someone in the stream to hang out is the	0
Streaming is really fun rn. now there’s actually a lot that I don’t care for: is cheap, Overwatch is a drag in my ass, I don’t talk (yet), I don’t have donations setup, console streaming is cheap, so., but somehow having someone but the community to hang out has the	0
Am I the only one who completely forgot this overwatch character existed. pic.twitter.com/bMDgveRORN	0
Am I the only one who completely forgets this Overwatch figure. pic.twitter.com / bMDgveRORN	0
Am I the only one who has completely forgotten the existence of this superwatch person. pic.wikipedia.org / bMDgveRORN	0
Am I the only one who completely forgot this overwatch character existed. pic.twitter.com/bMDgveRORN	0
In Am I the only one who completely forgot this overwatch character existed. pic.twitter.com/bMDgveRORN	0
on	0
I’m just gonna say it - Overwatch essentially being nominated for LGBTQ+ game of the year is worse than if Rise of Skywalker was nominated for LGBTQ+ film of the year. At least in Rise of Skywalker if you slow the footage down and zoom in you can see gay shit if you squint.	0
I'll just say it - being nominated for the LGBTQ + game of the year is essentially worse than being nominated for the LGBTQ + movie of the year for Rise of Skywalker. At least in Rise of Skywalker, if you slow down and zoom in, you can see homosexual shit when you pinch yourself.	0
At least in Rise of Skywalker, if you slow down and zoom in, you can see gay shit if you sniff it.	0
I’m just gonna say it - Overwatch game being nominated for LGBTQ+ game of the year is harder than if Rise of Skywalker was considered so LGBTQ+ film of the year. At least in Rise of Skywalker and you slow the footage down and zoom in you can see gay shit if we squint.	0
I give ’ m actually just about gonna say it - Overwatch essentially being nominated for LGBTQ + game of the year is always worse than if Rise of Skywalker was nominated for LGBTQ + film of the whole year. At least not in Rise of Tom Skywalker if you slow the footage down and you zoom in you can see gay shit... if you both squint.	0
I’m just gonna say it - Overwatch essentially being nominated for lesbian+ movies of the year felt stronger than if Rise of Skywalker is nominated for LGBTQ+ film of very year. At least in Rise of Skywalker where your see the footage down and zoom in you can see gay shit if you squint.	0
@Blizzard_Ent The fact that I get suspended in Overwatch for having a janky WiFi connection is ridiculous. If I hit leave game suspend me. If I have poor connection and rejoin the game, you still suspend me?! Boococky. You’re better than that. Please change it.	0
@ Blizzard _ Ent The fact that I'm suspended in Overwatch because I have a shaky WiFi connection is ridiculous. If I run into leave game, suspend me. If I have a bad connection and get back into the game, do you suspend me anyway?! Boococky. You're better than that. Please change it.	0
@ Blizzard _ Ent The fact that I'm being suspended from Overwatch for plugging into spooky WiFi is ridiculous.	0
@Blizzard_Ent The notion that I get suspended at Overwatch over having a janky WiFi connection seems ridiculous. If I hit leave game suspend me. Because I have poor connection and rejoin the game, you still suspend me?! Boococky. You’re better than that. Go change it.	0
@Blizzard_Ent The fact that somehow I get suspended in DC Overwatch for having a stupid janky WiFi connection spell is ridiculous. If I never hit leave game suspend me. If I somehow have any poor connection points and possibly rejoin the game, you still gonna suspend me?! Boococky. You ’ re better than that. Please change it.	0
@Blizzard_Ent The fact that players get suspended from Overwatch mode having some janky WiFi connection is ridiculous. If I hit then game suspend me. If I have fine connection and rejoin the game, you still suspend me?! Boococky. Or better than that. Please ignore that.	0
I'm worried. I don't usually ever get angry however the last few weeks of Overwatch Competitive has ACTUALLY made me angry. Do I need to take a break? Get some "Me Time" and do a face mask or something? Do you guys do anything to relax when video games make you feel abnormal?	0
I'm worried. I never usually get angry, but the last few weeks of Overwatch Competitive have actually made me angry. Do I need to take a break? Get some "Me Time" and do a face mask or something? Do you guys do anything to relax when video games make you look abnormal?	0
I worry. I usually never get angry, but the last few weeks of Overwatch Competitive ACCALLY have made me angry.	0
I'm worried. I don't usually ever get angry - the last few days of Overwatch Competitive League ACTUALLY made me angry. Am I need to take a break? Get some "Me Time" and do my face mask or something? Do you guys do anything and relax when video games make you feel abnormal?	0
I'm worried. I don't usually ever get angry however the last few weeks of the Overwatch The Competitive that has ACTUALLY just made me angry. So Do I need to take a quick break? Get some " Giving Me Time " and do a face mask or something? Do you guys do anything to relax yourself when your video games make sure you feel abnormal?	0
I'm worried. I don't usually personally get angry however the final few weeks of Overwatch Competitive has ACTUALLY made my angry. Like I need to grab a break? Get a "Me Time" and find a paint mask or something? Do normal guys do anything to relax when stupid games make you feel abnormal?	0
stop jumping stupid overwatch boy	0
Stop jumping stupid, monitor boy	0
stop jumping silly boy warden	0
stop jumping stupid funny boy	0
stop your jumping stupid overwatch boy	0
stop you stupid overwatch boy	0
Bruh . 	0
Bruh.	0
Bruh.	0
Bruh me	0
Ludwig Bruh.	0
<unk>.	0
and @BroYouWack they are lying even if you have original overwatch game disk they are lying still don't fall for it	0
and @ BroYouWack they lie even if you have original overwatch slice they still lie do not fall into it	0
and @ BroYouWack they are lie even if you have original overwatch game disk they are lie still don't fall for it	0
and @BroYouWack they are lying even if you have original original game disk they are lying and don't fall for it	0
and @BroYouWack they are lying even if when you have original overwatch game game disk they are really lying but still don't really fall for it	0
and @BroYouWack It are lying even if you have original overwatch game its it am lying still don't fall for it	0
Already lost it, games shit	0
Already lost, games shit	0
Already lost it, games shit	0
Already lost it, this shit	0
Already I lost it, games shit	0
Already lost it, to shit	0
I see people trashing on 222 in Overwatch and i am like, DO you remember how BAD old overwatch was?. Do you not remember the days of goats, 4 dps 1 tank 1 healer, the days that one tricks rolled a team solo?. People have forgotten how bad Old overwatch comp/qp really was.	0
I see people trotting around on 222 in Overwatch and I'm like: Do you remember how BAD old Overwatch was?. Don't you remember the days of goats, 4 dps 1 tank 1 healer, the days when you rolled a team by tricks alone?. People forgot how bad Old overwatch comp / qp really was.	0
I see people hitting 222 in Overwatch and I'm like, DO you remember how bad the old overwatch was?. You don't remember the goat days, the 4 dps 1 tank 1 he, the days when one threesome rolled a team solo?. People forgot how bad the old overwatch comp / qp was really.	0
I remember people trashing on 222 in Overwatch and i am like, DO they remember how BAD old overwatch was?. Do you not remember the king of goats, 4 does not tank 1 healer, the days that one tricks rolled your team solo?. People have forgotten how bad Old overwatch comp/qp really was.	0
I see people trashing on Highway 222 in Overwatch and more i am like, DO you remember how BAD old overwatch was?. 3 Do you not you remember about the days of goats, his 4 dps 1 tank 1 modern healer, the days that one tricks rolled a real team solo?. 4 People have forgotten about how bad Old overwatch comp / qp really was.	0
I see people trashing on 222 in Overwatch and i am like, DO you remember how BAD old overwatch was?. Do you not remember the days of goats, 4 dps 1 in 5 healer, or time that 2 tricks up a cast mate?. People have forgotten how bad new overwatch as/qp really was.	0
WTF??? Ana banned? Okay I'm afk for 1 week. GGs.  	0
WTF??? Ana banned??? Okay, I am afk for 1 week.	0
WTF??? Ana banned? Okay I'm afk for 1 week. GGs.	0
WTF??? Ana banned? Okay I'm afk for 1 week. Ever.	0
WTF??? Now Ana was banned? Okay now I'm afk for 1 week. Then GGs.	0
WTF??? Already banned? Okay fine'm afk for 1 hour. GGs.	0
Sometimes I look at Overwatch and all I see is a dead horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in suits beating it with a stick XD. I used to adore the game but seriously. Its dead. (Still be playing from time to time tho).  	0
Sometimes I look at Overwatch and see only a dead horse, surrounded by a couple of guys in suits who hit it with a stick XD. I adored the game, but seriously. It's dead. (Still playing from time to time).	0
Sometimes I look at Overwatch and all I see is a dead horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in sustains beating it with a stick XD. I used to adore the game but seriously. Its dead. (Still be playing from time to time tho).	0
Sometimes Id look at Overwatch that all I see is a dead horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in suits beating it with a stick XD. I used to adore the game but seriously. Its dead. Might be playing from time tot time tho).	0
Sometimes way I look at Overwatch and here all bad I see really is a dead stuffed horse surrounded by a bunch of guys in baseball suits kids beating it with a stick XD. I used to adore the card game here but seriously. Its dead. ( Still be in playing from time to time tho ).	0
Sometimes I look on Overwatch so all I see is a dead horse riding by a bunch other guys in suits beating it with a simple XD. I used more adore the game but seriously. Its depressing. (Still be playing every time to time tho).	0
Going out alone without music because its still gonna be more entertaining than playing overwatch rn.  pic.twitter.com/1sWZXsxJsu	0
Going solo without music because it will still be more entertaining than playing Overwatch. pic.twitter.com / 1sWZXsxJsu	0
Exit alone without music, because it will still be more interesting than listening. pic.wikipedia.org / 1sWZXsxJsu	0
Going out alone without music because its still gonna be more entertaining than playing overwatch rn.  pic.twitter.com/1sWZXsxJsu	0
IBM Going out alone without music because its still gonna be more entertaining than playing overwatch rn.  pic.twitter.com/1sWZXsxJsu	0
they	0
Okay nvm fuck Overwatch. I like playing healer but it gets real old real fast when you're not given a damn choice. I miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play Torb . 	0
Okay, nvm fuck Overwatch. I like to play healers, but it gets really old when you don't have a fucking choice. I miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play Torb.	0
Okay nvm fuck Overwatch. I like playing heeglow but it gets real old real fast when you're not given a dark choice. I miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play Torb.	0
Okay nvm fuck Overwatch. I<unk> playing healer and anything gets real old real fast when you're not given a damn choice. I miss waiting less than 10 minutes to play Torb.	0
Okay nvm and fuck this Overwatch. I like playing healer but already it gets real old scary real freaking fast when you're not given a damn choice. I miss waiting less nearly than 10 minutes not to actually play Torb.	0
Okay nvm fuck shit. You like playing healer but it gets boring old real fast when you're not given a damn choice. I miss sleeping less than ten minutes to face Torb.	0
overwatch just really listens to the famous people.. huh	0
overwatch only really listens to the famous people.. huh	0
Supervisors just love famous people... a-ha	0
overwatch just really listens to super famous people.. huh	0
He overwatch just really listens to the famous people.. she huh	0
overwatch just really listens to that most people.. huh	0
@Hunduks we will never be as happy as we were during the overwatch beta . 	0
@ Hunduks we will never be as happy as we were during the Overwatch beta.	0
@ Hunduks we will never be as happy as we were during the overwatch beta.	0
@Hunduks Q will never be as happy as we were during the overwatch beta.	0
For @Hunduks we will never be as happy inside as we were during the overwatch campaign beta.	0
@Hunduks we will probably be as happy as we feel after the overwatch beta.	0
The fact @PlayOverwatch won't nerf bastion clearly shows that they dont care about the lower ranks where the average amount of players are!!!	0
The fact that @ PlayOverwatch will not be a nerf bastion clearly shows that the lower echelons don't care where the average number of players is!!!	0
The fact that @ PlayOverwatch is not nervous clearly shows that they don't care about the lower ranks where the average number of players is!!!	0
The fact @PlayOverwatch won't nerf bastion clearly shows that they dont care in the lower ranks where the average amount of players decrease	0
The second fact on @PlayOverwatch won't nerf bastion clearly but shows them that they usually dont care about the lower middle ranks players where the average amount of players are!!!	0
The fact new won't nerf bastion clearly shows that they dont know about the lower ranks than the average amount female players are!!!	0
Im so bored. And overwatch h is pissing me off today so I got off . 	0
And he pissed me off today, so I got off.	0
muttered like that, and overtime is annoying me today, so I got off.	0
Im so bored. And overwatch h is pissing me off today so I logged off.	0
Im so bored. And overwatch h ps is pissing at me off today so I finally got paid off.	0
been so tired. And overwatch h is pissing me off today so I back off.	0
buying overwatch was a mistake i will never write a fic ever again	0
Buying Overwatch was a mistake I will never write again	0
Buying a wristwatch was a mistake, I'll never write a fig again	0
buying overwatch was a bitch i will never write a fic ever again	0
buying overwatch was a mistake i still will never write a word fic ever post again	0
buying overwatch<unk> a mistake i will never get a fic ever again	0
The worst character	0
Worst Character	0
Worst Character	0
The worst candidates	0
The official worst character	0
The woman character	0
@PlayOverwatch i get disconnected every mid game and there's a lot of games that someone disconnects at the very start is there a problem?	0
@ PlayOverwatch I get separated every game in the middle and there are a lot of games that someone separates at the very beginning. Is there a problem?	0
@ PlayOverwatch I switch off every game and there are a lot of games that someone switches off at the start, is there a problem?	0
@PlayOverwatch i get disconnected every one game and there's a lot of games that someone disconnects at the very start is reliability a problem?	0
@PlayOverwatch i get disconnected almost every mid game and there's a lot of games that someone disconnects at even the very most start or is so there now a problem?	0
@PlayOverwatch i get disconnected every mid game yet there's a lot of games that someone disconnects at its very starting is that a problem?	0
yooo the overwatch serves just went down lesssgooo	0
yooo the Overwatch premiums just went under lesssgooo	0
yooo the overwatch services just went down lesssgooo	0
yooo the overwatch damage just went down lesssgooo	0
yooo the overwatch serves just but went wrong down lesssgooo	0
yooo the first serves just went down to	0
@PlayOverwatch  It's on PTR and looks very annoying ngl pic.twitter.com/EOCyqjzoBO	0
@ PlayOverwatch It's on PTR and looks very annoying ngl pic.twitter.com / EOCyqjzoBO	0
@ PlayOverwatch It's on PTR and looks very annoying npic.su / EOCyqjzoBO	0
RhandlerR  It's on PTR and looks very annoying ngl pic.twitter.com/EOCyqjzoBO	0
in RhandlerR  It's on PTR and looks very annoying ngl pic.twitter.com/EOCyqjzoBO	0
what	0
What does everyone think of @PlayOverwatch open que comp? I've been rolling on sigma but it's hell if you don't have supp players.  	0
What does everyone think about @ PlayOverwatch open que comp? I've rolled on sigma, but it's hell if you don't have support players.	0
What's everyone thinking about @ PlayOverwatch open que comp? I've been riding a sigma, but it's hell if you don't have soup players.	0
What does everyone think of @PlayOverwatch open que comp? I've been put on sigma but it's hell since you don't have any players.	0
What does everyone think of @PlayOverwatch or open que comp? 1 I've been rolling on my sigma but know it's all hell off if anything you don't have supp players.	0
se does everyone get of @PlayOverwatch open que release? E've been rolling on sigma but it's hell off you don't have supp players.	0
Mei is getting absolutely destroyed with these nerfs :(	0
Mei is completely destroyed with these nerves: (	0
May is completely destroyed by these nerves: (	0
Mei is already absolutely destroyed with these nerfs :(	0
Now Mei is getting absolutely to destroyed with these nerfs : (	0
she is getting absolutely comfortable with these nerfs :(	0
I didn't like the idea initially, but I'd MUCH rather have hero bans for each match that players control over a randomized weekly pool of bans. Hero pools will just cause more problems for Overwatch than anything else.	0
I didn't like the idea at first, but I'd rather have hero bans for every game that players control via a random weekly pool of bans. Hero pools will just cause Overwatch more problems than anything else.	0
Initially, I didn't like the idea, but I would prefer to have personal baths in every match, which the players would control weekly rendezvous with baths.	0
I didn't like the idea originally, but I'd MUCH rather have hero bans for each match that players control over some randomized randomized pool of bans. Online pools will just cause more problems for Overwatch than anything else.	0
Although I didn't like the idea initially, but I'S d MUCH rather have various hero card bans for each horror match and that gave players control over a randomized random weekly pool of bans. Hero pools will usually just cause more problems for Overwatch rules than anything else.	0
I didn't enjoy the premise initially, personally you'd MUCH rather have hero bans for each match while players control over a randomized weekly pool of bans. Hero pools will definitely cause more problems for Overwatch than anybody else.	0
Give the men nice butts too.	0
Give the men nice butts, too.	0
Give men good butts too.	0
Give the men nice butts hips.	0
All Give the men nice butts too.	0
Give the men those butts too.	0
I'm sorry if he'll have any problems, but I promised! reporting Jeff in 3 pictures. for Echo-not-a-support-hero.  	0
m sorry if he will have any problems, but I promised! Jeff to report in 3 pictures. for Echo-not-a-support-hero.	0
I'm sorry if he has any problems, but I promised!	0
I'm sorry if any bring any problems, but I apologize! reporting Jeff in 3 pictures. for Echo-not-a-support-hero.	0
Sometimes I'm sorry if he'll have any any moral problems, but I promised! reporting Jeff in 3 million pictures. for Echo - not - really a - support - friend hero.	0
I'm sorry if he'll have any problems, but this was! reporting me in 3 pictures. an Echo-not-a-support-hero.	0
I got an email about the festival of the lost and started sobbing cus I’m too sick to play destiny or overwatch now and the Halloween events are my favorite	0
I got an email about the Feast of the Lost and started sobbing because I'm too sick to play fate or watch now.	0
I got an email about the holiday of the lost and started to sob that I was too ill to play fate or watch now and Halloween events are my favorite	0
I got an email about the festival of the lost and started sobbing cus I’m too sick to play destiny or overwatch now since the Halloween events where the favorite	0
I got an email today about the festival of burying the dead lost and started sobbing cus I think ’ m too sick to play by destiny or overwatch now but and the Halloween events are my favorite	0
I got an email about the festival with the lost and started crying cus I’m too sick to play with or overwatch people and the magical events are my favorite	0
forgot i hated overwatch	0
I forgot I hated overwatch	0
I forgot that I had hatched a wristwatch	0
forgot i hated them	0
forgot when i hated overwatch	0
forgot i always overwatch	0
Ah fuck here we go again.	0
Oh god, here we go again.	0
Oh hell, we're going again.	0
Ah fuck up we go again.	0
« Ah fuck here we go again.	0
Ah fuck Down we go again.	0
ever since i was called funny ive never been able be any type of entertaining my life consists of overwatch anime and mukbangs and i think that’s disgusting	0
Ever since I was called funny, I've never been able to run any kind of entertainment program in my life that consists of Overwatch anime and Mukbangs, and I find that disgusting.	0
Ever since I was called funny, I've never been able to entertain myself with any entertainment consisting of watching anime and musicals, and I think it's disgusting	0
ever since i was called funny ive never like the be any type really entertaining my life consists of overwatch anime and mukbangs and i think that’s disgusting	0
ever since he i have was called funny but ive never been able te be around any type of entertaining my life even consists of overwatch anime and mukbangs and shit i think that ’ s disgusting	0
ever since i was called funny ive never be able be any type of laugh my entertainment consists of everyday comedy and mukbangs and i think that’s disgusting	0
I want to quit fortnite but there is no other game I could play, tried playing overwatch or titanfall but it's rubber banding so so badly, I cant get any other game as it takes at least 1 month or 2 to play, and I already played most of my campaign games	0
I want to quit fortnightly, but there is no other game I could play. I have tried to play Overwatch or Titanfall, but the elastic is so bad that I cannot get another game, as it takes at least 1 or 2 months to play, and I have already played most of my campaign games.	0
I want to quit fortnite but there is no other game I could play, tried playing overwatch or titanfall but it's reubber banding so badly, I cant get any other game as it takes at least 1 month or 2 to play, and I already played most of my campaign games	0
I tried to quit fortnite so there is no other game I could play, tried playing overwatch or titanfall but it's rubber banding so so badly, I cant get every other game since it takes at least 1 month for something to play, and I already played most of my campaign games	0
Now I want to quit fortnite but there is no great other game I could probably play, tried playing overwatch or a titanfall but it's rubber banding so so badly, like I cant get any other one game as it takes one at least 1 calendar month or 2 to not play, and I already played most of this my campaign games	0
I want to quit fortnite as there is no other game I could blame, tried playing overwatch or titanfall for god's rubber banding so fucking badly, I cant get any good game as it starts at only 1 month or 2 to play, and I already played most of my campaign based	0
Sure would be nice if @PlayOverwatch actually cared about their game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision after the other.  	0
Surely it would be nice if @ PlayOverwatch actually took care of their game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision after another.	0
Sure it would be nice if @ PlayOverwatch actually cared about their game, rather than constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision after another.	0
Sure would be neat if @PlayOverwatch actually cared about their game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one bad decision for the other.	0
Sure would certainly be more nice if @PlayOverwatch actually cared about fixing their little game instead of constantly trying to kill it with one terribly bad decision after the other.	0
Sure would be nice if you actually cared about their game instead of just trying to kill it with one bad game after the second.	0
Removing mcree’s noose because ur pussies enit @PlayOverwatch	0
Remove mcree's noose because ur pussies enit @ PlayOverwatch	0
Removing the noose from McCree because he plays for Zenit @ PlayOverwatch	0
Removing mcree’s noose because ur pussies enit …	0
and Removing thy mcree ’ s noose because to ur many pussies enit @PlayOverwatch	0
shit mcree’s pants up ur pussies enit @PlayOverwatch	0
Nerd Tweet: I’m getting really disappointed with @PlayOverwatch one of my favorite games that I have played since day 1. I feel as though all they care about is esports. We finally got a new hero, cool, but a another dps. 2/2/2 I can kinda get behind. But let us open switch...	0
Nerd Tweet: I'm really disappointed by @ PlayOverwatch, one of my favorite games I've played since day one. I feel that all they care about is sport. We finally have a new hero, cool, but another dps. 2 / 2 / 2 I can somehow come back. But let's switch open...	0
: I'm very disappointed @ PlayOverwatch is one of my favorite games I've played since day one. I feel like all they care about is espionage.	0
Nerd Tweet: I’m getting really disappointed with @PlayOverwatch one of my favourite heroes that I have played since day 1. I feel as like all they care about is esports. We still got a red hero, obviously, but a another cost. 2/2/2 I can kinda get behind. But let us open switch...	0
Nerd Tweet : I too ’ m getting really disappointed... with @PlayOverwatch one of my favorite games yet that I have played since day number 1. Sometimes I feel as though all this they care about is esports. We finally actually got a new hero, cool, but a another dps. 2 / 3 2 / 2 2 I can kinda get behind. But let us open your switch...	0
Nerd Tweet: I’m getting really disappointed with @PlayOverwatch were not your favorite games that I have used since day 1. I feel as sure all they are about is esports. We finally got one new hero, cool, but a another dps. 2/2/2 I just truly get behind. Now let us open switch...	0
fuck overwatch.	0
Fuck overwatch.	0
fuck overwatch.	0
fuck Facebook.	0
fuck on overwatch.	0
quietly overwatch.	0
@BlizzardCS so when i try to buy overwatch with a credit or debit, all it does is load and then it says "something went wrong. Select another payment method or try again later." Help I have been trying for a hour now	0
@ BlizzardCS: So when I try to buy overwatch with a credit or direct debit, it just loads and then it says "something went wrong. Choose another payment method or try again later." Help I've been trying for an hour now.	0
@ BlizzardCS so when I try to buy a watch on credit or debit, all he does is download it and then he says "something went wrong. Choose another payment method or try again later."	0
@BlizzardCS so when i try to buy overwatch with a BTC or debit, all it does is say this then it says "something went wrong. Select another payment method or try again later." This I have been trying for a hour now	0
@BlizzardCS so when i try hard to buy overwatch with a phone credit number or debit, and all it usually does is load and then it says " something that went slightly wrong. Select another payment method or try again later. " Help I really have been trying for almost a whole hour now	0
@BlizzardCS Help when i want to buy items with a wire or debit, all it does is load and then just says "something went wrong. Select another payment method please try me later." Help I have been trying for an hour now	0
@PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a copy of Overwatch for pc? I can’t buy it since no money, since the pandemic, no jobs.	0
@ PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a copy of Overwatch for PC? I can't buy it because no money, since the pandemic, no jobs.	0
@ PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a copy of Overwatch for a PC? I can't buy it because there is no money since the pandemic, no job.	0
@PlayOverwatch How many paid for online copy of Overwatch for pc? I can’t buy it since no money, since Pokemon pandemic, no jobs.	0
David @PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a new copy of Overwatch for pc? I somehow can hardly ’ bin t buy it since no new money, since the radiation pandemic, no jobs.	0
@PlayOverwatch How many retweets for a edition of Overwatch for pc? I can’t get them for no money, since the computer, no jobs.	0
i feel like cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 have cursed the overwatch servers	0
I feel like cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 have cursed the Overwatch servers	0
i feel like cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 have cursed the overwatch servers	0
i feel like cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 have cursed your overwatch servers	0
although i did feel like angry cumgoblin69 and cumgoblin96 must have cursed the overwatch servers	0
i play like cumgoblin69 so cumgoblin96 have cursed the torrent servers	0
goodbye console overwatch. . Read: tl.gd/n_1srd9a6	0
Goodbye console monitoring.. Read: tl.gd / n _ 1srd9a6	0
Goodbye, console controller. Read: tl.gd / n _ 1srd9a6	0
goodbye magic overwatch.. Read: node.gd/n_1srd9a6	0
Say goodbye as console overwatch.. Read : tl. gd /... n _ 0 1srd9a6	0
very little<unk>.. Read: tl.gd/n_1srd9a6	0
this overwatch shit is a two way street man..	0
This Overwatch shit is a two-way man.	0
this warden shit is a two-way street man..	0
this goddamn shit is a two way street man..	0
this overwatch and shit is strictly a two way street man..	0
this religious shit is a two way street man..	0
I’ll never understand how people enjoy overwatch	0
I will never understand how people enjoy being monitored	0
I'll never understand how people enjoy listening	0
I’ll certainly understand how people enjoy overwatch	0
I ’ ll never understand how small people might enjoy overwatch	0
I’ll never understand how people usually overwatch	0
It's disappointing how Overwatch doesn't do any OWL-themed events in-game, like an arcade mode where you fight other teams' fans for points and team skins are always on	0
It's disappointing how Overwatch doesn't have in-game OWL-themed events, such as an arcade mode where you compete against other teams "fans for points and team skins are always with you.	0
It's a shame that Overwatch doesn't do any OWL-related events in the game, for example, in "arcade mode," where you compete with fans of other teams for points, and the team skins are always on	0
It's disappointing how Overwatch doesn't do any OWL-themed races in-game, like an expansion mode where you fight other teams' fans for points since team skins are always on	0
It'll s also disappointing how Well Overwatch doesn't even do almost any OWL - themed events in - between game, like an arcade mode where you fight other teams'fans for experience points and team skins and are always on	0
It's weird how Overwatch doesn't enable anymore OWL-themed events in-game, purely an offline mode where you fight other teams' fans for points and team skins being always on	0
killing myself and its @PlayOverwatch ‘s fault. Fuck you	0
I've killed myself and @ PlayOverwatch. '	0
Killing yourself and your @ PlayOverwatch's fault. Fuck you.	0
killing ISIS and its @PlayOverwatch ‘s fault. Fuck you	0
killing myself and its @PlayOverwatch ‘ s fault. I Fuck for you	0
it myself and its @PlayOverwatch my fault. Fuck you	0
So why did @PlayOverwatch make the season 23 placement cap 3900sr? Kinda shot for all the gm and Top 500 players rip @harbleuOW	0
So why did @ PlayOverwatch set the season 23 placement cap at 3900sr?	0
So why did @ PlayOverwatch make season 23 "Cement Cap 3900sr"?	0
So why did he make the Round 23 placement cap 3900sr? Kinda shot for years the gm and Top 500 players rip @PlayOverwatch	0
So why did @PlayOverwatch first make the final season 23 placement cap 3900sr? Kinda a shot high for all the gm and the Top 500 players could rip @harbleuOW	0
So why did @PlayOverwatch make the grade 23 placement on 3900sr? Kinda like for all the gm and every 500<unk> rip @harbleuOW	0
So is overwatch lagging a lot more for anyone else after the LNY patch? I logged in for the first time in a while and now it's stuttering almost every match	0
So Overwatch lags a lot more after the LNY patch? I logged in for the first time in a while and now it stutters almost every game	0
So will overtime be much more interesting for someone else after the LNY patch? I went in for the first time in a while, and now it's stalled in almost every game.	0
So is patience lagging a lot more for anybody else after the LNY patch? I logged in for the first time in a while and now have stuttering almost every match	0
So is overwatch still lagging a lot for more for anyone else else leaving after the old LNY patch? I logged right in for the first time in maybe a while now and now it's stuttering almost every match	0
So is overwatch over a lot more than anyone else after the recent patch? I logged in since the first time in a while and now it's over almost every match	0
My goodness @PlayOverwatch your matchmaking in competitive is as shitty as Trumps dick because he's fucking the USA in the ass.	0
My goodness @ PlayOverwatch Your competition mate is as crappy as Trump's cock because he fucks the US ass.	0
My good name is @ PlayOverwatch your match in the competition is as shit as because he fucks the US in the ass.	0
My goodness @PlayOverwatch your friend in competitive is as shitty as this dick because he's fucking the USA in the ass.	0
My dear goodness you @PlayOverwatch your matchmaking in competitive is as shitty even as Trumps dick parts because he's probably fucking the entire USA in the ass.	0
My goodness @PlayOverwatch your matchmaking in America is as stink as shit dick because he's fucking the USA in the the.	0
Few short clips from our Overwatch Console Division match last night against Greenville/Carson.. We ended up losing,  but still a great time had by all!!. GG https://t.co/I26RZgme8f	1
A few short clips from our Overwatch Console Division game last night against Greenville / Carson.. We lost in the end, but still everyone had a great time!!. GG https: / / t.co / I26RZgme8f	1
Few short clips from our Overwatch Console Division match last night against Greenville / Carson.. We end up to lose, but still a great time had by all!!. GG https: / / Fesco / I26RZgme8f	1
Few short clips from our Overwatch Console qualifier match last night against Greenville/Carson.. We ended kinda losing,  but still a great time had you all!!. GG https://t.co/I26RZgme8f]	1
Few short screen clips from our second Overwatch and Console Division match last night back against Greenville / Carson.. We ended up losing,... but still knowing a great quality time had come by all!!. GG https://t.co/I26RZgme8f ]	1
of short clips from our Football Console Division final last night against Greenville/Carson.. We ended up losing, but such a great time had We both. GG https://t.co/I26RZgme8f]	1
@PlayOverwatch as much guff as I give you guys, I love this game to a fault. Especially the unique and interesting skins you crank out.. . I mean, how else will everyone know they're being graced by the explosive love of their Junkrat Godking if I'm not rocking this?.  	1
@ PlayOverwatch as much guff as I give you, I love this game to a fault. Especially the unique and interesting skins you crank out... I mean, how else will everyone know that they are honored by the explosive love of their Junkrat Godking if I don't rock that?.	1
@ PlayOverwatch as much as I give you guys, I love this game to bits. Especially the unique and interesting skins you pull out.. I mean, how else will everyone know they're being killed by the explosive love of their Gerat Godking if I don't rock it?.	1
@PlayOverwatch as much guff as I give you right, I love this game to this fault. See the unique and interesting skins to crank out... I mean, how else does everyone know they're being graced by this explosive love of their Junkrat Godking if I'm not rocking this?.	1
@PlayOverwatch as As much guff as any I give you guys, I love this game to a ridiculous fault. Especially the most unique and interesting skins you let crank us out... I mean, how much else will everyone know they're being graced by the seemingly explosive love of feeding their Junkrat Godking if somehow I'm not rocking this?.	1
on as much guff as I give you from, I enjoy this game to a fault. Oh the unique and unusual skins people crank out... I mean, how else will everyone think they're being graced by the absolute love of our Junkrat race if I'm not rocking this?.	1
Amazing how much Black Ops has content and changes wise and how much information we’re getting, while Overwatch 2 only have us 1 cinematic...	0
Amazing how much content Black Ops has and changes wisely and how much information we get, while Overwatch 2 has only 1 movie available to us...	0
It's amazing how much content and changes we get in Black Ops, and how much information we get, whereas in Overwatch 2 we only have 1 cinematic...	0
Amazing how much Black Ops has content and changes wise and that much information are getting, while Overwatch 2 only have us 1 cinematic...	0
In Amazing things how much Black Dragon Ops has allowed content and technological changes wise and how much information we ’ re getting, all while Overwatch 2 only have us 1 cinematic...	0
Amazing because much Eye Ops has content and changes wise and how much information its getting, while Overwatch 2 can have us 1 cinematic...	0
So yesterday, I decided to go back to Overwatch... and I forgot just how much I loved playing it. Now all I want to do is play it and do nothing else >.< I mean, the event is on atm.. gotta get me that Pharah skin as I have Anas already! . 	1
So yesterday I decided to go back to Overwatch... and forgot how much I loved playing it. Now I just want to play it and do nothing else >. < I mean, the event is at the ATM.. I have to get this pharaoh skin like I already have Anas!.	1
So yesterday I decided to go back to Overwatch... and forgot how much I loved playing it. Now all I want to do is play it and do nothing else. "	1
So yesterday, I decided to go back to Overwatch... and I forgot the very much I loved taking it. Now all I want to do a play it and do nothing but >.< I mean, the event is on atm.. gotta get me that Pharah skin as I have Anas right!.	1
So early yesterday, I decided to go back again to Overwatch... and I forgot just how much I loved playing it.... Now suddenly all I want to do is te play it and the don'thing else >. < i I mean, the event is on the atm.. gotta get me that goddamn Pharah skin as I must have Anas already!.	1
So that, I decided to go back to 7... and I forgot just how much I fell playing it. Now all I want to did not forget anymore and do everything else >.< I mean, the event is on atm.. gotta get me that Pharah skin made me have Anas already!.	1
 	0
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.	0
At the same time, despite the fact that there are currently some 100 million people living below the poverty line, most of them do not have access to health services and do not have access to health care, while most of them do not have access to health care.	0
	0
	0
	0
Best overwatch in the game.  btw listen at the end .  "rev me rev me rev me rev me" pic.twitter.com/wapD8syO8R	1
Best overwatch in the game. btw hear at the end. "rev me rev me rev me rev me rev me" pic.twitter.com / wapD8syO8R	1
Best overwatch in the game. btw listen at the end. "rev me rev me rev me rev me rev me rev me" pic.watch / wapD8syO8R	1
Best overwatch in the game.  btw listen at the end .  "rev me rev me rev me rev me" pic.twitter.com/wapD8syO8R	1
N Best overwatch in the game.  btw listen at the end .  "rev me rev me rev me rev me" pic.twitter.com/wapD8syO8R	1
to	1
I’ve gotten back into my obsession with overwatch and I missed A LOT ;-; I just really want the Halloween echo skin	1
I fell back into my obsession with Overwatch and missed a lot; -; I just want the echo skin of Halloween	1
I've gotten back into my obsession with overwatch and I missed A LOT; -; I just really want the Halloween echo skin	1
I’ve gotten back into my obsession with overwatch if I missed A 17 ;-; I just really want the Halloween echo skin	1
I must ’ ve gotten back settled into my obsession ending with overwatch and I missed A little LOT ; - ; I just really want the best Halloween echo skin	1
I’ve gotten back into your other love overwatch and I missed A LOT ;-; I just really want actual Halloween echo skin	1
now i'm just offended	0
m just offended	0
I'm just in shock right now	0
now i'm very offended	0
now i'd m just offended	0
now i'm just a	0
Don’t tweet much but here’s what I’ve been up to on the island. Not playing much  	1
Don't tweet much, but here's what I've done so far on the island.	1
Not many tweets, but that's what I wrote on the island.	1
Don’t tweet much but check what I’ve be up to on the island. Not playing much	1
Don ’ would t tweet much but here ’ s what I too ’ ve been up down to on the next island. Not playing much	1
Don’t tweet much but also what I’ve been trying to with the island. Not playing much	1
So how does everyone feel about  	1
How is everyone feeling now?	1
So how does everyone feel about it?	1
So how does everyone feel about	1
So how does not everyone feel about	1
So how does everyone feel regarding	1
NOT ME UPDATING OVERWATCH...	0
DO NOT WATCH ME UPDATING...	0
Notice how I update the data...	0
NOT ME<unk> OVERWATCH...	0
AND NOT ON ME OF UPDATING OVERWATCH...	0
FOR ME UPDATING OVERWATCH...	0
I started playing OverWatch again after a year break.. I'm still pretty damn good.	1
I started playing OverWatch again after a year off. I'm still pretty damn good.	1
I'm back playing OverWatch after a year off.. I'm still pretty damn good.	1
I started playing OverWatch again after a year break.. I'm still so damn good.	1
I started by playing OverWatch again after about a 2 year break.. I'S m still pretty damn good.	1
I think playing OverWatch again for a blogger break.. I'm still pretty damn good.	1
losing every round on overwatch I HATE IT HERE pic.twitter.com/ZZgi8XvK7t	0
I hate losing every round HERE pic.twitter.com / ZZgi8XvK7t	0
losing every round in overtime, I WEEK IT E pic.wikipedia.org / ZZgi8XvK7t	0
losing every round on overwatch I HATE IT HERE pic.twitter.com/ZZgi8XvK7t	0
The losing every round on overwatch I HATE IT HERE pic.twitter.com/ZZgi8XvK7t	0
on	0
@Blizzard_Ent @BlizzardCS @PlayOverwatch I will apparently never follow your CoC until you actually support your community and fix the Smurf & Cheater problem and until you stop catering to those who actually do violate your ToS and CoC	0
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ BlizzardCS @ PlayOverwatch It seems like I will never follow your CoC until you actually support your community and solve the Smurf & Cheater problem, and until you stop caring about those who actually violate your ToS and CoC.	0
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ BlizzardCS @ PlayOverwatch I will probably never follow your CoCs until you actually support your community and solve the Smurf & Cheater problem, and until you stop serving those who actually violate your ToS and CoC	0
@Blizzard_Ent @BlizzardCS • I will apparently never follow a CoC until you actually support your community and fix the Smurf & Cheater problem and until you stop catering to those who actually do violate your ToS and Code	0
@Blizzard_Ent @BlizzardCS @PlayOverwatch I will therefore apparently as never follow your famous CoC until all you first actually properly support your community service and actually fix the Smurf & Cheater 3 problem and until you stop catering to those fans who actually do violate your ToS and CoC	0
@Blizzard_Ent @BlizzardCS @PlayOverwatch I have apparently never follow your CoC until you actually support your community and become the Smurf & Moose AND until until I stop catering to those who occasionally do violate you ToS and CoC	0
Well overwatch just got lit	1
Now the supervision has just been set alight	1
Well, overtime has just been lit	1
Well dinner just got lit	1
» Well overwatch just got lit	1
Well overwatch It got lit	1
one more coffee then we are gonna get the weekly rewards on Overwatch! And good morning to you all! Its bloody raining and i love it!	1
one more coffee, then we get the weekly rewards on Overwatch! And good morning to all of you! It's raining bloody hard and I love it!	1
another coffee, then we're going to get a weekly award on Overwatch! And good morning to all of you! Its bloody raids and I love it!	1
one last coffee then we are gonna get the weekly rewards on Overwatch! And good morning to you all! Its bloody raining and i know it!	1
one more coffee and then we are gonna get the latest weekly money rewards on Overwatch! And good morning to you all! And Its bloody raining and i absolutely love fucking it!	1
one more coffee then we are gonna get the weekly rewards from Overwatch! And good morning by you all! Its bloody Monday and i deserve it!	1
All the new overwatch skins are so ugly RIP	0
All the new Overwatch skins are so ugly RIP	0
All the new wristwatch skins are so ugly RIP	0
All the cheap overwatch skins are so ugly RIP	0
All the new overwatch skins today are often so ugly RIP	0
All the old overwatch skins are so ugly RIP	0
Overwatch has wrecked me  	0
Overwatch has ruined me	0
Overtime has mowed me down	0
Overwatch totally wrecked me	0
Overwatch that has wrecked me	0
Overwatch is wrecked me	0
OH. Always hated playing tracer when I'm on damage.	0
OH. I always hated to play trackers when I'm on damage.	0
OH. Always hatted playing tracer when I'm on damage.	0
OH. Always hated playing tracer when not on damage.	0
OH. Always hated herself playing tracer when seeing I'm on damage.	0
OH. Always hated playing tracer when L'm on the.	0
I miss Overwatch and I’m super excited to try Valorant!  Might be time to start streaming again soon  .   . . . 	1
I miss Overwatch and am super excited to try Valorant! Maybe it's time to start streaming again soon...	1
I miss Overwatch and am excited to try Valorant!	1
I miss Overwatch and I’m again excited to try Valorant!  Might be time to start streaming again soon  :  ..?	1
I miss Overwatch and I myself ’ m super damned excited enough to try Valorant! Might be past time to start streaming again really soon....	1
I miss Overwatch and I’m super going to review Valorant! Might be time people start streaming again though....	1
@PlayOverwatch i've had this happen many times in the past few days, if you activate junkrat ult and get hooked or charged it doesnt let you control the ult and it resets ult meter, please fix this cuz its annoying as fuck	0
@ PlayOverwatch I have done this many times in the last few days, if you activate junkrat ult and become addicted or it gets charged, it does not let you control the ult and it resets ult meter, please fix this cuz be annoying as damn	0
@ PlayOverwatch I've had this happen many times in the last few days, if you activate this feature and you get hooked or charged, it won't allow you to control the device and it resets the counter, please fix this body its annoying as fuck	0
@PlayOverwatch Has had this happen many times in the past few days, if you use junkrat ult and get hooked or charged on doesnt let you control the ult and it resets ult reset, please fix things cuz its annoying as fuck	0
@PlayOverwatch and i've had this happen many times but in the past past few days, if you activate junkrat ult and get hooked down or charged it simply doesnt let you control up the ult bank and as it resets ult meter, please you fix this cuz its be annoying as fuck	0
@PlayOverwatch i've had this around 6 times in the past few days, if you activate junkrat ult and if hooked or charged it doesnt let me restart the ult instead it resets ult meter, please fix this cuz its annoying you<unk>	0
Dude Overwatch is so much more fun at higher ranks, . even if I’m playing brig and protecting my ana half the time it’s still super fun compared to people going ball and hog and flaming that it’s the right call	1
Dude Overwatch is so much more fun in higher ranks. Even when I'm playing brig and protecting my Ana half the time, it's still super fun compared to people playing ball and pig and flaming that it's the right call.	1
Even if I play brig and defend my half-time, it's still super fun compared to people walking around with a ball and pigs and lighting up that it's the right call	1
Dude Overwatch it so much more fun a higher stage,. even s I’m playing brig and protecting my ana half the time it’s still super fun compared to people going ball and hog and arguing that it’s the right call	1
Dude Overwatch is just so much more fun at higher ranks,. even if now I ’ u m playing brig ball and protecting my ana half the time since it ’ s still super less fun compared to more people going half ball and hog and flaming around that it ’ s the whole right call	1
Dude Overwatch is so much more fun at higher powers,. especially if I’m playing brig and slashing my ana half the time but still great fun proving to people fucking ball and hog and flaming that it’s the right call	1
Cuties . 	1
Cuties.	1
Cuties.	1
Cuties Wanted	1
Five Cuties.	1
2	1
i miss overwatch 🤠	1
I miss Overwatch.	1
I miss watching.	1
i miss overwatch :(	1
i miss overwatch by [UNK]	1
i am overwatch <unk>	1
holy balls this is unreal	0
Holy balls, this is unreal	0
holy balls are unreal	0
holy balls this fucking unreal	0
By holy balls this is unreal	0
holy because this is unreal	0
Also: Overwatch looks like a fun little piece of equipment I currently crave for is so incredibly expensive?	1
Also: Overwatch looks like a funny little device that I'm craving right now and that's so incredibly expensive?	1
Also: Does Overwatch look like the fun little piece of equipment I'm currently craving so incredibly expensive?	1
Also: Overwatch looks like a fun VR piece of equipment I currently crave for is so incredibly frustrating?	1
... Also : Overwatch looks like a fun little piece of equipment I currently genuinely crave for and is so incredibly very expensive?	1
Also: Overwatch looks like incredibly fun little piece of equipment I currently have for is so incredibly brilliant?	1
god hates me bc i cant connect to the servers in the games i actually want to play but i log into overwatch just fine. hate crime	1
God hates me bc I can't connect to the servers in the games I actually want to play, but I just log in to overwatch. Hate crimes	1
god hates me bc i cant connect to the servers in the games i actually want to play but i log into overwatch just fine. hate crime	1
god hates me bc i cant connect to the servers in the region u actually want to play but i log into overwatch just fine. hate crime	1
god hates me bc i cant connect to All the servers in the games anyway i actually want to play but i log back into the overwatch does just the fine. hate crime	1
god fails me bc i cant connect to the servers in the games i actually want to play unless i sign into overwatch just fine. Call me	1
Overwatch literally changed my life. Not just the game and characters, but the community as well. I reconnected with old friends through our love for the game and made many new ones at cons through cosplay. This made me cry happy tears. . . Thank you for the gift that is Overwatch.	1
Overwatch literally changed my life, not just the game and the characters, but the community as well. Through our love of the game, I reconnected with old friends and gained many new ones through cosplay, which brought me to tears of joy... Thank you for the gift that Overwatch is.	1
Overwatch literally changed my life. Not only the game and the characters, but also the community. I was reunited with old friends thanks to our love of the game and made a lot of new ones on cons through cosplay. It made me cry happy tears... Thanks for the gift that Overwatch gave.	1
Overwatch literally changed my outlook. Not just the game and characters, but the community as such. I reconnected with old friends through our love for Starcraft community and made many new ones at cons through Blizzard. This made me cry happy tears... Thank ful for the gift that is Overwatch.	1
This Overwatch literally changed how my life. Not just the game and characters, but the community as well. I reconnected with old friends through our common love for the new game and and made many Brave new ones available at cons through cosplay. This made me cry happy tears... and Thank you for carrying the important gift that is Overwatch.	1
Overwatch literally enhanced my life. Not just the game and content, but its community done well. I reconnected with old friends through our love for the game and met many new Friends at cons through cosplay. You made me cry happy tears... thanks you for one gift that is Overwatch.	1
overwatch’s lucio ball event is really great fun for people who have never heard about rocket league	1
Overwatch's lucio ball event is really great fun for people who have never heard of the Rocket League	1
The Super Bowl is really great fun for people who have never heard of the Rocket League	1
overwatch’s lucio racing event is really great fun for people who have never heard about rocket racing	1
overwatch ’ s lucio ball event is really of great fun for people too who have clearly never heard about either rocket league	1
overwatch’s lucio ball event is still great fun for people who have never believed about the league	1
I'm excited for this	1
I'm looking forward to it.	1
I'm excited for this	1
I'm excited for …	1
I'm not excited for this	1
I'm excited in this	1
And one of the most exciting updates is the introduction of new heroes. @PlayOverwatch  . bit.ly/2xgZ4ll	1
And one of the most exciting updates is the introduction of new heroes. @ PlayOverwatch. bit.ly / 2xgZ4ll	1
And one of the most exciting updates is the emergence of new heroes. @ PlayOverwatch. bit.ly / 2xgZ4ll	1
And one among the most exciting updates is the introduction of new heroes. @PlayOverwatch <unk> bit.ly/2xgZ4ll	1
C And one source of the most exciting ongoing updates is on the introduction system of new heroes. @PlayOverwatch. bit. ly /... 2xgZ4ll	1
And one of the much useful updates is the introduction 2 new tools. @PlayOverwatch. bit.ly/2xgZ4ll	1
I maybe went a little overboard with the fantasy element here on Widowmaker. But I had fun all the same. . @PlayOverwatch . .  	1
Maybe I overshot the mark with the fantasy element here at Widowmaker, but I still had fun... @ PlayOverwatch.	1
I may have been a bit over-zealous with fantasy elements here at Widowmaker. But I still had fun... @ PlayOverwatch...	1
I maybe was a little overboard with the fantasy element here on Widowmaker. But he had fun all the same.. @PlayOverwatch..	1
I maybe went a tiny little overboard again with just the fantasy element here on Widowmaker. 1 But I still had fun all the same.. David @PlayOverwatch..	1
have maybe went a big overboard with the fantasy element here on Widowmaker. But I had fun all my while.. oh..	1
ill literally buy overwatch because of this	1
That's why I literally buy Overwatch	1
People literally buy wristwatches because of this	1
ill probably buy overwatch because of this	1
ill literally buy overwatch because of such this	1
ill literally buy overwatch<unk> of this	1
@CODLeague when I watch the NFL I dont see NBA shit why are there more ads of overwatch	0
@ CODLeague When I look at the NFL, I don't see an NBA shit why there are more Overwatch ads	0
@ CODLeague when I watch the NFL I dont see NBA shit why are there more ads of overwatch	0
@CODLeague when I watch the NFL I dont see NBA shit t are there more games of overwatch	0
@CODLeague when I do watch ESPN the NFL I so dont wanna see NBA shit why are there more ads of overwatch	0
@CODLeague when I watch the NFL I dont see NBA shit Or are these more ads of overwatch	0
@thekatiewilson I had so much fun playing Overwatch on the Switch with you!! Good thing you posted about it on IG or I wouldn't have known! We also won every game we played together which is amazing! .  pic.twitter.com/2Po5bkrbgC	1
@ thekatiewilson I had so much fun playing Overwatch on the Switch with you!! Good that you posted about it on IG, otherwise I wouldn't have known! We also won every game we played together, which is incredible!. pic.twitter.com / 2Po5bkrbgC	1
@ thekatiewilson I had so much fun playing Overwatch with you on Swift!! Good that you wrote about it on IG otherwise I wouldn't have known! We also won all the games we played together which is amazing!. pic.facebook.com / 2Po5bbgC	1
RhandlerR I had so much fun playing Overwatch on the Switch with you!! Good thing you posted about it on IG or I wouldn't have known! We also won every game we played together which is amazing! .  pic.twitter.com/2Po5bkrbgC	1
5 RhandlerR I had so much fun playing Overwatch on the Switch with you!! Good thing you posted about it on IG or I wouldn't have known! We also won every game we played together which is amazing! .  pic.twitter.com/2Po5bkrbgC	1
this	1
Since I’ve lost more than 1000 SR in  	0
Since I lost more than 1000 SR in	0
Since I lost more than 1,000 SRs in	0
Since I’ve lost more than one SR in	0
Since I might ’ ve lost more than a 1000 SR in	0
alone I’ve lost more than 1000 SR in	0
@PlayOverwatch 4 years in and Reinhardt still can't cancel charge.... Really?????	0
@ PlayOverwatch 4 years in and Reinhardt still can't cancel for free.... Really?????	0
@ PlayOverwatch 4 years in and still can't cancel the charge.... Really?????	0
@PlayOverwatch 4 years in and Reinhardt still can't cancel charge.... still	0
Robert @PlayOverwatch 4 years in office and Reinhardt Smith still can'you t exactly cancel charge.... Really?????	0
@PlayOverwatch<unk> comes in and Reinhardt still can't fully charge.... Really?????	0
SOMEONE PLEASE RELEASE A NEW FPS, OVERWATCH IS DOGSHIT AND VALORANT IS SLEEPER. PLEASE I BEG YOU	0
PLEASE ONCE A NEW FPS, OVERWATCH IS DOGS AND VALUE IS SLEEPS. PLEASE I PLEASE FOR YOU	0
SOMEONE PLEASE RELEASE A NEW FPS, OVERWATCH IS DOGSHIT and VALORANT IS SLEER. PLEASE I BEG YOU	0
SOMEONE PLEASE RELEASE A BOOK LIST, OVERWATCH IS DOGSHIT AND VALORANT IS SLEEPER. NEVER I BEG YOU	0
8 SOMEONE 11 PLEASE AN RELEASE A NEW OF FPS, OVERWATCH IS A DOGSHIT 2 AND ME VALORANT ME IS SLEEPER. PLEASE Do I BEG ON YOU	0
SOMEONE PLEASE YOU<unk> PALM BEACH, OVERWATCH YOUR DOGSHIT FOR VALORANT IS SLEEPER. PLEASE I BEG YOU	0
the greatest shatter in overwatch pic.twitter.com/ksn3qCXcMo	0
the biggest shambles in overwatch pic.twitter.com / ksn3qCXcMo	0
Biggest rustle in overwatch pic.n3qCXcMo	0
the greatest shatter in overwatch pic.twitter.com/ksn3qCXcMo	0
2 the greatest shatter in overwatch pic.twitter.com/ksn3qCXcMo	0
is	0
The devs of this game have so little idea what theyre doing that theyre opening a "throw shit at the wall" mode until something sticks. . Good to know this comes in place of new content because of how poorly balanced the entire structure of the game is	0
The developers of this game have so little idea what they are doing that they open up a "shit to the wall" mode until something sticks. Good to know that this takes the place of new content because the whole structure of the game is poorly balanced.	0
Developers of this game have such a poor idea of what they are doing that they open the "throw shit at the wall" mode until something sticks... It's nice to know that this is replacing new content because of how balanced the whole structure of the game is.	0
The devs of this game have so little idea what theyre doing that theyre keeping this "throw shit at the tank" mode until concrete sticks.. Good to know this comes in place without new content because of how poorly balanced the entire structure of the game is	0
to The biggest devs out of this complex game system have not so little idea what theyre doing that what theyre opening a " throw shit at the wall " mode until something sticks.. Good to know this comes in place of new social content because of how poorly balanced the entire structure of the basic game system is	0
The devs of this game have so little idea much theyre missing that theyre opening a "throw shit at the wall" mode until something sticks.. Good to know this comes in place of new elements because once all beautifully balanced the entire rest of the system is	0
*opens overwatch to play for the first time in weeks*. . *opens anniversary loot box and there’s a new riot police skin*. . Oof.....bad timing Overwatch...bad timing...	0
* opens Overwatch to play for the first time in weeks *.. * opens anniversary loot box and there is a new skin of riot police *. Oof..... bad timing Overwatch... bad timing...	0
* opens Overwatch to play for the first time in a few weeks *.. * opens the anniversary box with the loot, and a new Rifles skin appears *... Of..... bad Overwatch timing... bad timing...	0
*opens overwatch to play for very first time with the. *opens anniversary contents box and there’s a new riot police skin*.. Oof.....bad timing Overwatch...bad timing...	0
* A opens overwatch to play for the very first time sometime in weeks *.. * opens each anniversary loot in box and is there It ’ s come a little new riot police skin *.. Oof..... bad timing Overwatch... A bad timing...	0
*opens overwatch to play for kids first Xbox in weeks*.. *opens anniversary loot box only makes a cute sexy police skin*.. says.....bad timing Overwatch...bad moments...	0
@Blizzard_Ent @PlayOverwatch 3v3 elimination?? FFA Deathmatch?? .  y’all are killing me with these change daily tabs. Is overwatch dying or something ? . 	0
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ PlayOverwatch 3v3 Elimination?? FFA Deathmatch??. Everyone is killing me with these daily changes. Is overwatch dying or something?.	0
@ Blizzard _ Ent @ PlayOverwatch 3v3?? FFA Deathmatch??. y'all are killing me with these change daily tabs. Is overwatch dying or something?.	0
@Blizzard_Ent @PlayOverwatch 3v3 at FFA Deathmatch??.  y’all are killing me with our change daily thoughts. Is overwatch dying or something?.	0
@Blizzard_Ent 25 @PlayOverwatch 3v3 elimination?? FFA 2 Deathmatch??. y ’ all are killing in me with these and change to daily tabs. Is this overwatch dying... or forgetting something?.	0
@Blizzard_Ent @PlayOverwatch 3v3 elimination?? THIS<unk>??. y’all just like me with these meaningless daily tabs. Or Josh dying or something?.	0
Lets go!!! Overwatch and good vibes!!! Come hang and play Overwatch with me at twitch.tv/z3r0c0010079 ! Hope to see you there!   	1
Lets go!!! Overwatch and good vibes!!! Come and play Overwatch with me on twitch.tv / z3r0c0010079! Hope to see you there!	1
Lets go!!! Overwatch and good vibes!!! Come hang and play Overwatch with me at getch.tv / z3r0c0010079! Hope to see you there!	1
Lets go!!! Overwatch and good vibes!!! Come hang and play Overwatch with me at twitch.tv/z3r0c0010079 ! Hope to see you there!   	1
2017 Lets go!!! Overwatch and good vibes!!! Come hang and play Overwatch with me at twitch.tv/z3r0c0010079 ! Hope to see you there!   	1
that	1
My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.twitter.com/V0xCSpDiHo	0
My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.twitter.com / V0xCSpDiHo	0
My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.wikipedia.org / V0xCSpDiHo	0
My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.twitter.com/V0xCSpDiHo	0
and My most embarrassing Overwatch moment pic.twitter.com/V0xCSpDiHo	0
to	0
@PlayOverwatch fix your game i hate when I'm lagging i can't do anything	0
@ PlayOverwatch fix your game I hate when I lag behind, I can't do anything	0
@ PlayOverwatch fix your game I hate when I can't do anything	0
@PlayOverwatch fix your game people hate when I'm lagging i can't do anything	0
@PlayOverwatch fix your head game i hate when I'm too lagging because i can't do nearly anything	0
a speed racing game i hate when I'm lagging i can't do anything	0
gna start play overwatch sometimes this game is fun asf	1
gna start play overwatch sometimes this game is fun asf	1
gna start play overwatch sometimes this game is fun asf	1
gna start play f sometimes this game is fun asf	1
gna start play overwatch but sometimes this magic game is fun asf	1
gna start play overwatch sometimes this game is really asf	1
@PlayOverwatch is there like any way to bring back pink mercy and/or atlantic mercy? Id honestly pay good money for those skins. Ik I only started off since september 2019 but they are v beautiful	1
@ PlayOverwatch is there such a way to bring back pink compassion and / or Atlantic compassion? I would honestly pay good money for these skins.	1
@ PlayOverwatch is there like any way to bring back pink mercy and / or Atlantic mercy? Id honestly pay good money for those skins. Ik I only started off since September 2019 but they are v beautiful	1
@PlayOverwatch does there like any way to bring back pink mercy and/or atlantic mercy? Id honestly pay good fortune over those skins. Ik I only started up since september 2019 but they are v beautiful	1
@PlayOverwatch is there like any way around to bring back pink blood mercy and / from or atlantic mercy? Id honestly pay good money for those damn skins. Ik say I only started off since september Christmas 2019 tonight but they are very v beautiful	1
@PlayOverwatch So there is best way to bring back pink mercy a/or atlantic mercy? Id honestly spent good money over those skins. Ik I only started mine since september 2019 but they are v beautiful	1
BEST CHARACTER IN THE GAME .... DONT FUCKIN @ ME	0
Best character in the game.... DONT FUCKIN @ ME	0
BEST CHARACTER IN THE GAME.... DONT FUCKIN @ ME	0
BEST CHARACTER IN THE GAME.... DONT K @ ME	0
BEST CHARACTER ON IN IT THE WA GAME.... IT DONT AN FUCKIN @ ME	0
A CHARACTER IN AL GAME.... I FUCKIN @ ME	0
i need to actually get some artwork done and get rid of my overwatch emote. its been a long time since i quit that shit	0
I actually need to do some artwork and get rid of my Overwatch emotion. It's been a long time since I stopped this shit.	0
i need to actually get some art done and get rid of my overwatch emote. its been a long time since i quit that shit	0
i need to actually get some artwork done and complete rid of my overwatch emote. its been so long time since i quit that shit	0
i need to also actually get away some artwork done and get rid of my overwatch in emote. its been a mighty long time off since i quit that shit	0
i need to actually get some artwork moving and get rid of said overwatch addiction. its been a long moment since i quit that shit	0
twitch.tv/ImJustSaiyan84 tonight let's get over this hump, Its OverWednesday, with everyone's favorite tank main, going wild in Overwatch! 6:30 pm EST!  	1
twitch.tv / ImJustSaiyan84 Let's get over this hump tonight, its overWednesday, with everyone's favorite tank of fuel going wild in Overwatch! 6: 30 PM EST!	1
tch.tv / ImJustSaiyan84 tonight let's get over this hump, its OverWednesday, with everyone's favorite main tank going wild in OverWatch! 6: 30pm ET!	1
twitch.tv/ImJustSaiyan84 tonight let's get over this hump, Its OverWednesday, and everyone's favorite social game, going wild in Overwatch! 6:30 pm here!	1
twitch. See tv / On ImJustSaiyan84 tonight let'd s get over at this hump,... Its OverWednesday, with everyone's single favorite power tank main, was going wild in Overwatch! About 6 : 30 pm and EST!	1
Under.tv/ImJustSaiyan84 tonight let's stay over this hump, Its OverWednesday, with John's favorite tank color, going up in Overwatch! 6:30 30 EST!	1
Overwatch makes me go grrr	1
Overwatch makes me go grrr	1
Overwatch makes me go grrr	1
Overwatch makes me die grrr	1
And Overwatch makes me go grrr	1
Overwatch has me go grrr	1
Global game! Gotta show love to all the  	1
Global game! Must show love to all who	1
A global game! showing love for all	1
Global game! Gotta show love after all the	1
Global game! Gotta show love to we all the	1
Global game! You show love to all the	1
Honestly I played Zenyatta the other night in comp overwatch and had the most fun I've had playing in a while .  @chrislb2017 thank you for being my friend	1
Honestly, I played Zenyatta in Comp Overwatch the other day and had the most fun I've had in a while. @ chrislb2017 thank you for being my friend.	1
Honestly, I played Zenyatta the other day in a Test match and had the most fun of all time. @ chrislb2017 thank you for being my friend.	1
Honestly I played Zenyatta the other night in fucking overwatch and had the most fun I've had playing in a while.  @chrislb2017 thank you x all my friend	1
Honestly... I played Zenyatta the other night in old comp in overwatch again and had the most fun thing I've had playing in quite a while. @chrislb2017 thank you Again for being my friend	1
Honestly I started Zenyatta this past over in comp night and had the most fun I've had playing in a while. @chrislb2017 thank you for being good friend	1
So glad I'll be experiencing  	1
So glad that I will experience	1
So glad I got to experience it	1
So glad you be experiencing	1
So completely glad I'll be experiencing	1
So glad I'll be a	1
got a new xbox series x from best buy. heck yeah	1
got a new Xbox series x from Best Buy.	1
got a new xbox series from best buy. heck-ah	1
got a black xbox series x from best buy. heck yeah	1
got a strange new xbox series x from best buy. Ah heck yeah	1
got a new xbox series x from best buy. Why yeah	1
Pretty cool to see the next gen games being announced and stuff. I’m more excited to see how the official  	1
Pretty cool to see how the next gene games are announced and so on. I'm more curious to see how the official	1
It's nice to see how the next Gen games are announced and something else. I'm more excited about how the official	1
Pretty cool to see new next gen games being announced and played. I’m more excited to see how the official	1
Pretty cool to see the next gen games being announced tonight and stuff. I could ’ m more excited about to have see how the official	1
Pretty cool to see that next gen trilogy being announced and stuff. But more excited to see how the official	1
haha new  	0
haha	0
haha new	0
haha<unk>	0
And haha new	0
haha I	0
@Xbox @majornelson I’d love to bring home a new Xbox Series X, but they are all sold out. So the emails are VERY misleading. Just sayin.	1
@ Xbox @ majornelson I'd love to take home a new Xbox Series X, but they're all sold out, so the emails are VERY misleading.	1
@ Xbox @ majenelson I would love to bring home the new Xbox Series X, but they're all sold out.	1
@Xbox @majornelson I’d love yo bring up a new Xbox Series X, but they are all sold out. All the emails are VERY misleading. Just sayin.	1
@Xbox @majornelson I ’ d really love to come bring back home a whole new Xbox Series level X, but they are all sold out. and So the emails now are VERY misleading. They Just sayin.	1
@Xbox that I’d love to find home a $200 Canon Series X, but the are all sold out. Because the emails are VERY misleading. Just sayin.	1
Xbox Series X - 12 TFLOPs. PS5 - 10.28 TFLOPs. My poor RTX 2070 Super - 9.062 TFLOPs	1
Xbox Series X - 12 TFLOPs. PS5 - 10.28 TFLOPs. My bad RTX 2070 Super - 9,062 TFLOPs	1
Xbox Series X - 12 TFLOPs. PS5 - 10.28 TFLOPs.	1
Xbox Series X - 12 10. PS5 had 10.28 TFLOPs. My poor RTX 760 Super - 9.062 TFLOPs	1
2013 Xbox One Series X - Season 12 TFLOPs. The PS5 - 10. 28 million TFLOPs. My poor luck RTX 2070 Super - Series 9. 062 TFLOPs	1
Xbox Series X - 11 TFLOPs. Fire - 10.28 TFLOPs. This poor RTX Professional Edition - 9.062 W	1
Stress tested Savostore by shipping in very delicate items and glad to say they got here in perfect condition. When the Xbox series X arrives I'm definitely using them to ship it in.	1
Stress-test Savostore by shipping very delicate items and glad to say that they have come here in perfect condition. When the Xbox Series X comes, I will definitely use them to ship.	1
tested Savostore by shipping very delicate items and I'm glad to say they got there in perfect condition.	1
Stress tested themselves by shipping in extremely delicate items and glad to say they got here in perfect condition. When the Xbox series X releases I'm definitely using them to ship it in.	1
Stress u tested Savostore opened by shipping in very delicate items and glad to say even they got everything here in perfect physical condition. When the Xbox series X arrives but I'm not definitely into using them to ship it in.	1
Stress tested Savostore by shipping in very delicate items and glad to say they got returned in great condition. When the Xbox series X arrives I'm definitely using them to finish it immediately.	1
Why y’all keep acting like Xbox can’t use both?? We got options	1
Why does y'all behave as if the Xbox can't use both??	1
Why do y'all continue to act like Xbox can't use both?	1
Why y’all keep acting like Xbox can’t use both?? Developers got options	1
Why y ’ all keep acting... like Xbox can ’ t use they both?? We got different options	1
Why y’all keep acting like Xbox can’t use em?? We got something	1
Did I just have really high expectations for the  	0
Did I only have really high expectations of the	0
Did I really have high expectations from	0
Did n just have really high expectations for the	0
Did I just have really high expectations on for the	0
Did I just have crazy high expectations for the	0
I like what @Xbox did with their box breath of fresh air! Great time to be a gamer!	1
I like what @ Xbox has done with their box breath of fresh air! Great time to be a gamer!	1
I love what @ Xbox did with their box a breath of fresh air!	1
I LOVE what @Xbox did with some box breath of fresh air! Great time to be a gamer!	1
I like what @Xbox did next with their box one breath of fresh Chicago air! Great time to be making a gamer!	1
to like what @Xbox did with their own breath of fresh air! Great time to be you gamer!	1
Wow . 	1
Wow.	1
Wow.	1
Wow …	1
O Wow.	1
Wow.	1
i want one . 	1
I want one.	1
i want one.	1
i choose one.	1
only i want one.	1
i want gold.	1
If last year taught  . . SUPER happy that @Xbox seems all in on this idea.	1
If last year taught.. SUPER happy that @ Xbox seems all on this idea.	1
If last year taught you anything... SUPER glad that @ Xbox seems to be all about the idea.	1
If last year taught .. SUPER happy that @Xbox blew all in half this idea.	1
8 If last year taught.. A SUPER happy that @Xbox seems all in on this exciting idea.	1
If one year maybe.. SUPER happy that @Xbox was all in on this idea.	1
@XboxP3 delay the Xbox Series X what’s the point now that Halo has been delayed.	0
@ XboxP3 delayed the Xbox Series X, which is the point now that Halo has been delayed.	0
@ XboxP3 delays Xbox Series X, now that Halo has been postponed.	0
@XboxP3 ask of Xbox Series X what’s the point now that Halo has been delayed.	0
@XboxP3 delay the Xbox Series X what ’ won s the right point in now that Halo has not been delayed.	0
@XboxP3 delay the Xbox PS X what’s the press now saying Halo has been delayed.	0
this is actually pretty cool	1
That's actually pretty cool	1
this is actually pretty cool	1
this is actually pretty useful	1
this is actually pretty damned cool	1
this is actually pretty cool	1
I wanna see this remastered for the PS5 and Xbox series X	1
I want to see this remastered for the PS5 and Xbox series X	1
I want it done for PS5 and Xbox Series X	1
I wanna see this next for the PS5 and Xbox series X	1
I wanna see this remastered for the forthcoming PS5 and Xbox 360 series X	1
I wanna watch this remastered for the Internet and Xbox series X	1
Amazing overview of the Xbox Series X specs by @sweetpotatoes of @Polygon My hype is growing guys, this is gonna be quite the console.. buff.ly/2IRdP0A. .  	1
Amazing overview of the Xbox Series X specs from @ sweetpotatoes of @ Polygon My hype is growing, guys, this is pretty much going to be the console.. buff.ly / 2IRdP0A.	1
Amazing review of Xbox Series X specifications by @ sweetpotatoes from @ Polygon My growing guys, this is gonna be quite the console.. buff.ly / 2IRdP0A..	1
Amazing overview of the Xbox Series X specs by @sweetpotatoes of The My hype is up guys, this is going be quite the console.. bit.ly/2IRdP0A..	1
the Amazing overview book of gaming the new Xbox in Series X specs created by @sweetpotatoes of @Polygon My hype still is growing guys, since this is gonna really be quite the new console.. buff. ly / 2IRdP0A..	1
Amazing overview of the original Series X specs by @sweetpotatoes of @Polygon My work was great guys, this is something be quite amazing test.. buff.ly/2IRdP0A..	1
I'M SO HYPED!. xbox really killing it	1
I'M SO HYPED!. xbox really kills it	1
I'M SO HYPED!. xbox really killing it	1
I'M JUST HYPED!. xbox really killing it	1
I'M SO HYPED!. Okay xbox we really like killing it	1
I'M SO NOT!. xbox just killing it	1
I actually enjoy how simple it looks, could literally fit it anywhere without being out of place	1
I actually enjoy how simple it looks, it could literally fit anywhere without being out of place	1
I really like how simple it looks, can literally fit anywhere without being out of place	1
I actually enjoy how simple it looks, could literally fit it together without being out of place	1
So I greatly actually enjoy how simple but it looks, could literally fit it anywhere without being out of place	1
I do enjoy how simple it looks, could literally fit it anywhere without an out of place	1
can’t wait to get xbox series x for my bf for free < 3	1
Can't wait to get xbox series x for my bf for free < 3	1
Can't wait to get the xbox series x for free for my bf; 3	1
can’t resist to get xbox series x for my bf for free < 3	1
can ’ t why wait to get xbox series x links for my own bf for free < 3	1
can’t want to get this series x for my bf for free < 3	1
I don’t want a ps5 or xbox x/s , just get me a truly and I’ll be as happy	0
I do not want ps5 or xbox x / s, just get me a real one and I will be just as happy.	0
I don't want 5 or xbox x / s, just get me real and I'll be just as happy	0
I don’t want a ps5 or xbox x/s, just get me a truly and I’ll act as excited	0
I don ’ t want a ps5 string or any xbox x / s, you just get with me a start truly and I ’ ll be as happy	0
I don’t am a ps5 or c x/s, just get this a truly and I’ll be absolutely happy	0
THE FUCK YOU SAY TO ME?	0
THAT TELL YOU SAY ME FOR YOU?	0
FUCK YOU SAY THE ME?	0
THE FUCK YOU W TO ME?	0
THE last FUCK YOU SAY TO ON ME?	0
THE FUCK THE SAY TO ME?	0
Very expensive	0
Very expensive	0
Very expensive	0
Very Important	0
But Very expensive	0
Very Please	0
"next gen performance" . "most small xbox EVER". fuck. they need to put that ever . xbox series s is 1440p60 low end performance don't tell me it's powerful than ps5 digital	0
"next gen performance." "most small xbox ever." damn, they have to keep repeating. xbox series s is 1440p60 low end performance don't tell me it is more powerful than ps5 digital	0
"next gen performance." "most small xbox EVER." fuck they need to put that ever. xbox series s is 1440p60 low end performance do not tell me it's power than 5 digital	0
"next gen performance". "most small xbox EVER". fuck. less need to put that ever.<unk> series s is 1440p60 low end.... don't ask me it's powerful than ps5 digital	0
" next whole gen possible performance ". " most other small xbox users EVER ". fuck. they need to put that ever. xbox series s is 1440p60 to low end performance don't dare tell me or it're s that powerful less than ps5 digital	0
"next gen performance". "most impressive xbox EVER". fuck. they continue to put that out. xbox series s<unk> 1440p60 highest end performance don't tell damn it's cheaper than ps5 and	0
I feel so bad XBOX X MEN or whatever its name is.	0
I feel so bad XBOX X MEN or whatever his name is.	0
I feel so bad XBOX MEN or whatever its name is.	0
I feel so bad my X MEN or whatever its name is.	0
I feel so bad XBOX X to MEN II or whatever its name is is.	0
I feel so bad XBOX OF MEN or whatever its name now.	0
It will be a dream become real.	1
It will be a dream come true.	1
It will be a dream come true.	1
It will make a dream become real.	1
a It will be a dream become real.	1
It could be a dream become real.	1
I’m sold. I’m buying an  	1
I'm sold.	1
I'm sold.	1
I’m leaving. I’m buying an	1
So I ’ m sold. I I ’ m buying an	1
I’m sold. I’m selling an	1
@PlayStation @PlayStation_LA I was with PS for 2 generations. ps3 and ps4. I will migrate to xbox series x (I already acquired it). i am sad and disappointed in ps5. we have not seen it in physical. and today's presentation October 4. untouchable console! its a joke! goodbye PS	1
@ PlayStation @ PlayStation _ LA I was using PS for 2 generations. PS3 and PS4. I will migrate to Xbox series x (I have already purchased it). I am sad and disappointed in PS5. we have not seen it in physics. and today's presentation October 4 untouchable console! it a joke! Goodbye PS	1
@ PlayStation @ PlayStation _ LA I've been with PS 2 years, 3 and 4.	1
@PlayStation PS I was with PS for 2 decades. ps3 and r. I will migrate to xbox series x (I already acquired it). was so sad and disappointed in ps5. still have not seen it in physical. and today's presentation October 4. untouchable console! its a joke! goodbye PS	1
@PlayStation @PlayStation_LA I was merged with PS Labs for that 2 generations. ps3 and ps4. I will be migrate up to xbox series x ( I already acquired it ). i am sad and disappointed in ps5. e we have not since seen it in physical. and today's official presentation comes October 4. untouchable console! its a horrible joke! goodbye PS	1
@PlayStation @PlayStation_LA I was with mobile for 2 generations. ps3 and ps4. but decided migrate to xbox series x (I already acquired PS). i feel sad deeply disappointed in ps5. we haven not seen it in physical. and today's presentation October 19. untouchable 7! What a joke! goodbye PS	1
Right on my birthday, great gift!	1
Just in time for my birthday, great gift!	1
Right on my birthday, a great gift!	1
Right on my birthday, a gift!	1
Right on my birthday, so great gift!	1
Right on third birthday, great gift!	1
not this cinderblock console.... PS5 outsold already. why do you girls even bother at this point? give it up, playstation wins, you lose! muahahaha	0
not this Cinderblock console.... PS5 is already selling out. why bother at this point at all? Give up, Playstation wins, you lose! muahahaha	0
Not this console with a block of cylinders.... the PS5 is already on sale.. why are you girls even worried at this moment? give up, lose, lose! muahaha	0
not this cinderblock console.... PS5 outsold already. why will we girls even bother at this point? give it up, playstation wins, you too! muahahaha	0
not over this cinderblock console.... PS5 outsold one already. why do you dumb girls never even bother yelling at this low point? give all it up, playstation wins, you cannot lose! muahahaha	0
not this console shit.... PS5 outsold already. why do you girls still bother at all point? Switch it up, playstation wins, men lose! muahahaha	0
Lol at this stupid deal	0
Lol about this stupid deal	0
Lol on this stupid deal	0
Lol at the stupid deal	0
Lol at took this stupid deal	0
Lol at this awesome deal	0
I’m so excited! Finally a solution for my money troubles. Thanks @_RealJessAmore_ . Too generous!!	1
I am so excited! Finally a solution to my money problems. Thank you @ _ RealJessAmore _. Too generous!!	1
I'm so excited! Finally a solution for my money. Thanks @ _ RealJessAmore _. Too generous!!	1
I’m so excited! Finally a solution on my money troubles. Thanks @_RealJessAmore_<unk> Too generous!!	1
I she ’ m been so excited! Finally finding a solution for my recent money troubles. Thanks @_RealJessAmore_. Too generous!!	1
I’m very excited! Finally a solution for these money troubles. Thanks @_RealJessAmore_. extremely generous!!	1
I like this quarter from Microsoft, continued strength in cloud and Azure, Xbox revenue strong ahead of console launch  	1
I like this quarter from Microsoft, continued strength in cloud and Azure, Xbox sales strong ahead of console launch	1
I like this quarter from Microsoft, the continuation of the power in the cloud and Azure, Xbox revenues are strong ahead of the console launch	1
I like this quarter from Sony, continued momentum in cloud and Azure, Xbox revenue strong ahead of console launch	1
I like this quarter revenue from Microsoft, continued strength in cloud and Azure, with Xbox branded revenue strong ahead of console revenue launch	1
I like this quarter from IBM, Cloud strength in cloud and Azure, Xbox revenue strong as of console launch	1
Okay! New Year Resolutions.... Play More games. beat a game every month. Buy Xbox Series X Day 1. Buy New Nvidia TI Card . Don't spend too much (lol). Use my stuff more(Spread the love)	1
Okay! New Year's resolutions.... Play more games. beat a game every month. Buy Xbox Series X Day 1. Buy new Nvidia TI Card. Don't spend too much (lol). Use my stuff more (Spread the love)	1
Okay! New Year's greetings.... Play more games. Play a game every month. Buy Xbox Series X Day 1. Buy a new Nvidia TI Card. Don't spend too much (lol). Use my stuff more (Spread the love)	1
Okay! New Year Resolutions.... Play More games. Touch a Pro every month. Buy Xbox Series X Day Pass. Buy An Nvidia TI Card. Don't spend too much (lol). Use my stuff more(Spread the love)	1
Listen Okay! New Year 4 Resolutions.... Play More games. And beat a game every month. Buy An Xbox 4 Series X Day 1. Buy New Nvidia 2 TI Card. Don'm t gonna spend too much ( lol ). Use my stuff... more ( to Spread the love )	1
Okay! 5 Year Resolutions.... Win More games. beat a game every month. Buy The Series X Day 1. Buy New Nvidia TI 1. Don't spend too much (lol). Use your stuff better(Spread the Money)	1
With all the new informations about the  . For me as a tech enthusiast it's the potential of DXR and VRS with a RDNA2 12TF GPU.. And the smart delivery feature is the consumer friendliest move they could have done!. How about you? pic.twitter.com/vzqmYHYOoh	1
With all the new information about that. For me as a tech enthusiast it's the potential of DXR and VRS with an RDNA2 12TF GPU.. And that smart delivery feature is the most consumer friendly step they could have done!. How about you? pic.twitter.com / vzqmYHYOoh	1
For me, as a technology enthusiast, it's the potential of DXR and VRS with an RDNA2 12TF graphics processor.	1
With all the new informations about the  . For me as a tech enthusiast it's the potential of DXR and VRS with a RDNA2 12TF GPU.. And the smart delivery feature is the consumer friendliest move they could have done!. How about you? pic.twitter.com/vzqmYHYOoh	1
0 With all the new informations about the  . For me as a tech enthusiast it's the potential of DXR and VRS with a RDNA2 12TF GPU.. And the smart delivery feature is the consumer friendliest move they could have done!. How about you? pic.twitter.com/vzqmYHYOoh	1
no	1
£28.99 a month for an Xbox series x which is more powerful than a PS5, plus game pass ultimate and ea play. 3rd party games will definitely play and look better on the X also. Spiderman & Ratchet can wait...	1
£28.99 a month for an Xbox series x, which is more powerful than a PS5, plus game pass ultimate and ea play. Third-party games will definitely play and also look better on the X. Spiderman & Ratchet can wait...	1
£28.99 a month for the Xbox series x, which is more powerful than the PS5, plus game pass Ultimate and ea play.	1
£28.99 a month for an Xbox series upgrade which means more powerful than a PS5, plus game pass ultimate and ea players. 3rd disc games will definitely play and look better over the X also. Spiderman & Ratchet can wait...	1
£28. 99 won a month for an Xbox series 1 x engine which is more powerful than to a PS5, with plus game you pass ultimate speed and per ea play. 3rd party level games will definitely play and look better on the game X also. Spiderman & Ratchet can wait...	1
£28.99 a month for 1 Xbox series x which is more powerful after a PC, plus game 3 ultimate by ea play. 3rd person games will definitely play and look cute within the X also. Spiderman & Ratchet can wait...	1
Xbox Series X price leak could blow PS5 out of the water flip.it/9JV1U6	1
Xbox Series X price leak could blow PS5 out of the water flip.it / 9JV1U6	1
The Xbox Series X price leak could blow the PS5 out of the water flip.it / 9JV1U6	1
Xbox Series Red price leak could pull PS5 out of the water flip.it/9JV1U6	1
Xbox Series Evolution X A price leak could blow PS5 out ahead of the water flip. Say it / 9JV1U6	1
Xbox to X price leak to blow PS5 out of the black flip.it/9JV1U6	1
Ahh, the calm before the  . . Talked to a few Xbox guys that are there already. For tech enthusiasts, this might be the best CES they’ve had in some time. Not just one brand, big year in general. . . Looking forward to more  	1
Ahh, the calm before the... Talks to a few Xbox guys who are already there. For tech enthusiasts, this could be the best CES they've had for some time. Not just a brand, a big year in general... We look forward to more	1
Ah, the calm before... I talked to a few Xbox guys who are already there. For techno enthusiasts, this is probably the best CES they've had in a while.	1
Ahh, the calm before the .. Talked to literally ton Xbox guys that are there today. For tech news, this might be the best CES they’ve had in some time. Not just one brand, big year just general... Looking forward to more	1
Ahh, the calm thinking before meeting the.. Talked to a few Xbox guys all that are there already. For tech enthusiasts, this this conference might actually be the very best CES meeting they ’ ve had in some time. Not just one big brand, big year in general... Looking forward... to more	1
before, the calm before the.. Talked a very lot Xbox guys that are there already. For tech enthusiasts, this must be the best CES they’ve had in some memory. Featuring just one brand, big talk was general... Looking forward to more	1
Nice seeing the Xbox Series X previews. But, where are the ps5 ones?	1
Nice to see the Xbox Series X previews, but where are the PS5 previews?	1
It's nice to watch Xbox Series X. But where are the 5-inch ones?	1
Nice seeing the Xbox Series X previews. But, who are the ps5 ones?	1
I Nice not seeing the Xbox Series X previews. But, where else are the ps5 ones?	1
Nice old new Xbox Series X previews. But, where are the ps5 ones?	1
The new Xbox series X is NUTS.. . I’m so excited for it	1
The new Xbox X series is NUTS... I'm so excited for it	1
The new Xbox series X is NUTS... I'm so excited for it	1
The new Xbox series X = NUTS... I’m so excited for it	1
The new new Xbox series X is NUTS... But I ’ m so excited for winning it	1
The new Xbox series X P NUTS... just so scared for it	1
Getting strong Netflix vibes and I like it	1
Strong Netflix vibes and I like it	1
Getting Strong Netflix Videos, and I Like It	1
Getting strong Netflix vibes... I like it	1
Getting strong Netflix shows vibes and I like it	1
Getting strong Netflix vibes and I dread it	1
Hey thanks @BestBuy for putting me an a checkout queue WHILE I was on the last steps of buying a Xbox Series X. Now they are sold out to fuck yourselves	1
Hello thank you @ BestBuy for putting me in the checkout queue WHILE I was on the final steps of buying an Xbox Series X. Now they are sold out to fuck you	1
Hey thanks @ Buy for put me a cheap WHILE I was on the last steps of buying a Xbox Series X. Now they are sold out to fuck yourself	1
Hey thanks @BestBuy for putting me an a checkout queue WHILE I was on the last steps for buying a TL Series X. Now they stay sold out to fuck yourselves	1
2015 Hey my thanks @BestBuy for putting me over an outside a checkout queue WHILE I was on board the last steps of your buying a Xbox Racing Series Master X. Now they are sold out to fuck yourselves	1
Hey thanks @BestBuy for putting me an a checkout queue WHILE I was on the last steps of buying Gold Crown Series X. Now they are standing on to do yourselves	1
Series X is fucking huge wtf	0
Series X is fucking huge wtf	0
Series X is fucking huge wtf	0
Series X is also huge wtf	0
Series X is fucking real huge wtf	0
Series this is fucking huge wtf	0
I will buy this INSTANTLY. All hail @XboxPope!	1
I will buy it IMMEDIATELY. Hello @ XboxPope!	1
I will buy this INSTANTLY. All hail @ XboxPope!	1
I will buy it INSTANTLY. All hail @XboxPope!	1
I I will buy you this INSTANTLY. All hail Mike @XboxPope!	1
I will complete this INSTANTLY. All at @XboxPope!	1
To be fair, this looks way cleaner & more sharp & sleek for the design than the Xbox Series X. Guys I don’t think the X is the right pick for me, but now I’m more intrigued. This is a valuable taste of next gen. I think it’s the right one & more appealing one on purpose	1
To be fair, this looks a lot cleaner & sharper & smarter in design than the Xbox Series X. Guys, I don't think the X is the right choice for me, but now I'm more intrigued. It's a valuable foretaste of the next generation. I think it's the right one and intentionally more attractive.	1
Honestly, it looks smarter and smarter for design than the Xbox Series X. Guys, I don't think X is the right choice for me, but now I'm more intrigued.	1
To be fair, It looks way cleaner, more sharp & sleek for the design with the Xbox 4 X. Guys I don’t think the X is the right pick to me, but now I’m more intrigued. This is a valuable taste of the gen. I think it’s the right one & more appealing one on the	1
1 To be fair, this looks way cleaner & more sharp & rather sleek looking for most the design than the Xbox Series X. Guys like I don ’ t think the Xbox X is the right pick simply for me, but now I ’ just m more intrigued. This is a valuable taste of next gen. I think it really ’ s just the right one & more appealing one on purpose	1
To be fair, this looks way stronger & more sharp & sleek for the design than the Xbox Series Xbox. Initially I really think the X is so right pick of me, but now I’m more intrigued. This is very valuable taste of next gen. I think it’s the right one and more important just on purpose	1
Not unheard of, honestly. The issue I would think is more that next-gen games will be massive so this type of expanded memory might be a requirement eventually and that takes away from some of the value play that  	0
Frankly, the problem is more that next-gen games are going to be massive, so this kind of expanded memory might eventually be needed and that takes away some of the value that games have.	0
The problem, it seems to me, is that the next generation of games will be massive, so this type of extended memory may end up being a necessary requirement, and it will take away some of the value of the game that we have.	0
Not unheard of, honestly. The concern I would think is more that next-gen games will ship faster so this type of expanded memory wont be a requirement eventually and that takes away from some of the value play that	0
Not unheard of, honestly. The point issue I would think is much more... that next - centuries gen games will be massive so winning this type of expanded memory might be a requirement eventually and anything that takes him away from some of the original value play energy that	0
is unheard of, honestly. The issue that would think is more that next-gen games will be massive so this sort of expanded memory might be a requirement eventually and that cuts away in some more the value play that	0
OMG OMG 🤯 I just Pre-Ordered an (Xbox series X)  I was suprised it was easy to order cool nice going  	1
OMG OMG I just pre-ordered one (Xbox series X) I was surprised that it was easy to order cool nice go	1
OMG OMG I just Pre-Ordered an (Xbox series X) I was surprised it was easy to order cool nice going	1
OMG OMG 🤯 I just Pre-Ordered ( XY series X) <unk> was suprised it was easy to order cool nice going	1
OMG OMG [UNK] I just Pre - Ordered for an ( The Xbox series on X ) I was suprised by it I was easy and to order cool nice going	1
OMG OMG <unk> I just Simply-Ordered an (Xbox series X) I totally suprised it seemed possible to order something nice going	1
I can’t wait to buy this nigga this Xbox   X . 🥳	1
I can't wait to buy this Nigga of this Xbox X.	1
I can't wait to buy this nigga this Xbox X.	1
I can’t wait to give this nigga this Xbox   X M 🥳	1
I can pretend ’ was t wait to actually buy this nigga this Xbox X. [UNK]	1
I can’t wait before buy this nigga this Xbox console. <unk>	1
No a huge sports/shoes guy but damn I love the red	1
Not a huge sport shoe type, but damn, I love the red	1
No a huge sports / shoes guy but damn I love the red	1
No a pro sports/shoes guy but damn I love the red	1
No a huge sports / shoes all guy but damn I love both the red	1
No a huge sports/shoes guy but somehow I love the film	1
Welp. . Unless Sony can best 299 I've made my choice	1
Welp. If Sony is not the best at this, I have made my choice.	1
Welp. Ruthless Sony can best explain why I made my choice.	1
Welp.. Unless Sony can best 299 I've made another choice	1
No Welp.. Unless Sony can best 299 I'v ve just made my choice	1
Welp.. Unless anyone can offer 299 I've made my choice	1
Well fuck that's only 2 months before Xbox Series X. I'll wait to play it. It's going to suck waiting but it'll be worth it	1
Well, damn, that's only 2 months before Xbox Series X. I'm waiting to play it. It's going to be a tough wait, but it'll be worth it.	1
Well fuck that's only 2 months before Xbox Series X. I'll wait to play it. It's going to suck waiting but it'll be worth it	1
Well damn that's only 2 months before Xbox Series 1. I'll wait to play it. It's going to suck waiting but it'll be worth waiting	1
Well fuck that's the only run 2 months to before Xbox Lost Series X. And I'll wait to play it. Maybe It's going to suck waiting but it'll be worth stealing it	1
Well fuck that's only six months before Xbox Series X. I'll wait that play it. Which's gonna to suck waiting but it'll get worth it	1
So while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to help me save up for the new consoles and I just love how I managed to cop a PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales cuz Sony fucked up on the pre-order date but I got cucked on getting a Xbox Series X because of scalpers smh	0
So while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to save on the new consoles, and I just love how I managed to pop a PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales because Sony fucked me on the pre-order date, but I was happy to get an Xbox Series X because scalpers smh	0
So while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to help me save up for the new consoles and I just love how I managed to cop a PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales cuz Sony fucked up on the pre-order date but I got cucked on getting a Xbox Series X because of scalpers smh	0
So while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to help me set up for the new consoles and people just love when I managed to cop a PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales cuz Verizon fucked up on the pre-order date but I got lucky on buying a Xbox Series 8 because of scalpers smh	0
So just while I was away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One X to help me better save up for the new consoles themselves and I actually just love it how I managed to really cop a decent PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales for cuz Sony fucked up work on the pre - order date but I got cucked on getting a Xbox Series X X because of scalpers smh	0
So while Scott being away I sold my PS4 Pro and Xbox One Series because try me save up for the actual ones and we just mentioned how I managed to cop a PS5 with Demons Souls and Miles Morales cuz its fucked up on the pre-order date but I got cucked on getting a Xbox Series X because of scalpers smh	0
Boy am I chomping at the bit for this @xbox show, I'm dying to see more of next gen  	1
Boy, I'm lamenting the bit for this @ xbox show, I'm dying to see more of the next generation	1
Boy am I chomping at the bit for this @ xbox show, I'm dying to see more of next gen	1
Boy am I chomping at my bit for this amazing show, I'm dying to see more of next gen	1
Boy am I practically chomping along at the first bit for this @xbox show, I'm dying to see many more of our next gen	1
Boy am I chomping at a bit for this @xbox show, I'm keen to find more in next gen	1
Crazy hyped to pre-order my Series X!! . 	1
Crazily hyped to pre-order my Series X!!.	1
Mistake in pre-order of my Series X!!.	1
Crazy people to pre-order my Series X!!.	1
Crazy hyped as to pre - order my New Series X!!.	1
Crazy hyped to pre-order from Apple X!!.	1
The news just keeps getting better and better. VERY much looking forward to picking up my Series X on day one (and playing Halo Infinite with @runslikedeb immediately)	1
The news is just getting better and better. VERY excited to record my series X on the first day (and play Halo Infinite with @ runslikedeb right away)	1
VERY looking forward to starting my Series X on day one (and immediately playing Halo Infinite with @ runslikedeb)	1
The news just keeps spinning better and better. VERY much looking forward to picking up my Series X on day 4 (and playing Halo Infinite Warfare @runslikedeb immediately)	1
The news just keeps On getting better and ever better. VERY much looking forward to finally picking up my Series A X on Halloween day twenty one ( and playing Halo Infinite Battle with @runslikedeb immediately )	1
The news there keeps getting better and better. VERY really looking forward to picking up my Series III from day one (and playing Dark Infinite with @runslikedeb immediately)	1
Unfortunately true	0
	0
	0
Unfortunately...	0
Unfortunately... true	0
Unfortunately there	0
look at how bad xbox series x graphics look lol they workin with nasa now?	0
Look at how bad Xbox series x graphics look now they're working with Nasa?	0
look at how bad xbox series x graphics look lol they work with nasa now?	0
look at how bad xbox er x graphics look lol they workin with nasa now?	0
look at how bad The xbox series in x graphics look in lol they workin with nasa right now?	0
like at how fun that series x graphics look lol they workin with nasa now?	0
Very interesting.......	1
Very interesting...	1
Very interesting.......	1
Very Good	1
25 Very interesting.......	1
most interesting.......	1
A great console for a great cause	1
A great console for a great cause	1
Big console for big business	1
A great console for a noble cause	1
A bloody great console for a great cause	1
A great console for a noble cause	1
The hype is real. 🪓. 	1
The hype is real.	1
The hat-trick is real.	1
The hype is here. 🪓.	1
The exact hype is real. [UNK].	1
The money is real. <unk>.	1
The whole video is pure genius but 1:35 was freaking amazing. 🤣. . Hitler reacts to the $299 Xbox Series S youtu.be/k02I_P9klbM via @YouTube	1
The whole video is pure genius, but 1: 35 was incredible... Hitler responds to the $299 Xbox Series S youtu.be / k02I _ P9klbM via @ YouTube	1
The whole clip is pure genius, but 1: 35 was terrific.	1
The whole process looked pure genius but 1:35 was freaking amazing. 🤣.<unk> Cube reacts to the $299 Xbox Series S youtu.be/k02I_P9klbM via @YouTube	1
The whole video is pure pure technical genius but 1 : 35 was not freaking dead amazing. A [UNK].. This Hitler really reacts to the $ 299 Xbox Series S youtu. be / x k02I _ P9klbM via the @YouTube	1
The whole video sounds fucking stupid but 1:35 was freaking stupid. <unk>.. Hitler reacts via the $299 Xbox Live S youtu.be/k02I_P9klbM via via	1
Xbox looking BEAUTIFUL	1
Xbox looks BEAUTIFUL	1
Xbox looking BEAUTIFUL	1
Xbox looking around	1
Great Xbox looking BEAUTIFUL	1
<unk> looking BEAUTIFUL	1
I’m so pumped for the  . . Literally can’t wait to see more of what these next-gen beauts are cooking up! https://t.co/Fy6ElfNIKw	1
I'm so pumped for the.. I can't wait to see more of what these next-gen beauties cook! https: / / t.co / Fy6ElfNIKw	1
I'm so sorry about... Literally can't wait to see more of what these next generations are cooking!	1
I’m so pumped for the . I Literally can’t wait to explore more of what these next-gen engineers are cooking up! https://t.co/Fy6ElfNIKw]	1
I ’ m so fucking pumped in for the.. 3 Literally can ’ of t wait to see more of what these next - fastest gen de beauts guys are cooking up! https://t.co/Fy6ElfNIKw ]	1
just so pumped for it.. Literally can’t wait to see more to what these next-gen beauts do getting up! https://t.co/Fy6ElfNIKw]	1
4k 30fps??????? Wtf???? That’s really dumb.	0
4k 30fps??????? Wtf????? That's really stupid.	0
4k 30fps?????? Wtf???? That's really dumb.	0
4k 30fps???????<unk> That’s really dumb.	0
4k M 30fps??????? t Wtf???? 3 That ’ it s really on dumb.	0
point is??????? Wtf???? That’s really dumb.	0
For the “next couple of years”?. . Wow... smaller creative scope games for the forseeable future on Xbox. Got it.	1
For the "next couple of years"?.. Wow... smaller creative scope for the foreseeable future on the Xbox. Understood.	1
For the "next couple of years"?... Wow... games of a smaller creative scope for the future on Xbox. Got it.	1
For the “next couple of games?. – Wow... all creative scope games for the forseeable future on Xbox. Got it.	1
For the over “ two next couple of years ”?.. only Wow... all smaller game creative scope games for the forseeable future live on Xbox. Got it.	1
For the “next thousands of years”?.. Wow... smaller creative scope implications for the real future on Xbox. Got what.	1
Well it was a struggle but I got my pre order!  Now we wait until November  	1
Well, it was a fight, but I got my pre-order! Now we wait until November	1
Well it was a struggle, but I got my pre-order! Now we wait until November	1
Well it was a struggle but I earned my pre order!  Now we wait until November	1
15 Well... it was a struggle but I eventually got my pre order! Now we wait until November	1
Well it was a struggle but I had my pre order! Now we are until November	1
New Xbox home UI update in preview. I’m running on my  	1
New Xbox Home UI update in preview.	1
New Xbox home UI update in preview. I'm running on my	1
New Xbox Insider UI update in preview. I’m running on my	1
New Xbox home for UI status update in preview. I ’ ′ m running on my	1
New Xbox 360 UI looks in preview. I’m running on my	1
Now we know the GitHub leaks were true! Xbox Series X has bad yields and developers are having issues getting to to perform properly. List of wasted Tflops missing. Ray Tracing DLC patches in a year or two. This is not a good look. .  @PostUp_bbb @nxtgen8k @MM2K pic.twitter.com/HQ3JGf58he	0
Now we know that the GitHub leaks were true! Xbox Series X has poor yields and developers are having trouble working properly. List of wasted tflops missing. Ray tracing DLC patches in a year or two. That's not a good look... @ PostUp _ bbb @ nxtgen8k @ MM2K pic.twitter.com / HQ3JGf58he	0
Now we know there were bugs! Xbox Series X has bad cores, and developers are having trouble working properly. There is no list of lost Tflops. Ray Tracing DLC patches in a year or two. It's not a good look. @ PostUp _ bbb @ nxtgen8k @ M2K pic.wikipedia.com / HQ3JGf58he	0
Now we know the GitHub leaks were true! Xbox Series X has bad yields and developers are having issues getting to to perform properly. List of wasted Tflops missing. Ray Tracing DLC patches in a year or two. This is not a good look. .  RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/HQ3JGf58he	0
PC Now we know the GitHub leaks were true! Xbox Series X has bad yields and developers are having issues getting to to perform properly. List of wasted Tflops missing. Ray Tracing DLC patches in a year or two. This is not a good look. .  RhandlerR RhandlerR RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/HQ3JGf58he	0
that	0
same shit for another yeat is it	0
The same shit for another yeat it is	0
It's shit for another.	0
same shit takes another yeat is it	0
same shit was for another yeat is it	0
same shit for another yeat is shit	0
Congrats bro!! I still have 3 hours and 43 minutes before i can get mine! Fingers crossed!	1
Congratulations bro!! I still have 3 hours and 43 minutes before I can get mine! fingers crossed!	1
Congrats bro!! I still have 3 hours and 43 minutes before i can get mine! Fingers crossed!	1
Congrats bro!! I still have 3 hours and 43 minutes till i can get there! Fingers crossed!	1
Congrats bro!! I know still will have 3 ½ hours and 43 minutes before e i can get into mine! Fingers crossed!	1
<unk> bro!! I still have 3 hours and 43 lines before i can get here! Fingers crossed!	1
Microsoft could of done a better job of demonstrating gameplay of the  . . Excited to see July event that features 1st party titles as well as  	0
Microsoft could, of course, do a better job demonstrating the gameplay of the July event.	0
Microsoft, of course, could do a better job of demonstrating the gameplay... excited to see July's event, which includes the titles of the 1st game, as well as	0
Microsoft could of done an better job of demonstrating gameplay of the .. Excited to see Update 7 that features 1st party titles as well as	0
Now Microsoft could of had done a better job of demonstrating gameplay of more the.. Excited to see July 2018 event that features 1st party titles as well both as	0
Microsoft could of done a good job of improving gameplay of these.. Excited to see July event that features 1st party titles as well the	0
I've concluded that the £449 price tag for the XBOX Series X is well worth it giving all the reviews and impressions I've seen and read. This is an amazing piece of hardware guys. Microsoft have absolutely outdone themselves on this one. I'm so excited!	1
I've come to the conclusion that the price tag of £449 for the XBOX Series X is worth giving all the reviews and impressions I've seen and read. This is an amazing piece of hardware. Microsoft has absolutely outperformed itself in this regard. I'm so excited!	1
I have come to the conclusion that the £449 price tag for the XBOX Series X is worth giving all the feedback and impressions I have seen and read.	1
I've concluded that the £449 price tag for the XBOX ONE One is well worth it giving all the reviews and impressions I've seen and read. This is an amazing piece of hardware guys. Microsoft have absolutely outdone anything on Xbox one. I'm so excited!	1
I've concluded that the approximately £449 each price tag tag for the new XBOX Series X is well worth it giving all the amazing reviews and impressions I've seen and read. This is an amazing piece of PC hardware guys. And Microsoft have absolutely already outdone themselves based on this one. I'm so incredibly excited!	1
I've noticed that a £449 price tag as the XBOX Series X is well on it giving all other reviews and stories the've seen and read. This is an awesome piece of hardware guys. Microsoft have absolutely outdone themselves on this Xbox. I'm so excited!	1
PS5 launching even a penny higher than the Xbox Series X is ... incredulous.	1
The launch of the PS5 even a penny higher than the Xbox Series X is... incredulous.	1
Running the PS5 even a penny higher than the Xbox Series X is... distrust.	1
PS5 launching even a penny higher than its Xbox Series X is... incredulous.	1
PS5 2 launching cost even a penny higher than the Microsoft Xbox Series Game X is... incredulous.	1
PS5 launching even a penny later than the Xbox Series X is... exciting.	1
Expect the PS5 price in days. They were waiting for MS to go first, classic Sony.. . $35/ 25 a month for games pass ultimate and a Series X/ S is a hell of a deal, though and super smart in the current financial climate.	1
Expect the PS5 price in a few days. They were waiting for MS to come first, classic Sony... $35 / 25 a month for games that are ultimate and a Series X / S is a damn good deal, though and super smart in the current financial climate.	1
Expect the price of the PS5 in days. They expected MS to go first, classic Sony... $35 / 25 a month for games end up and the X / S Series is a hell of a deal, albeit super smart in the current financial climate.	1
Expect the PS5 price in days. They were waiting for MS to go first, classic guys. $35/ 25 a month for games pass systems and a Xbox XL/ 360 is a hell of a deal, though and super smart in the current financial climate.	1
Expect all the PS5 at price in days. 4 They probably were just waiting for MS to go first, classic Sony... $ 35 / 25 a month for PC games pass ultimate and a PC Series X / S is a hell of a deal, old though fun and super speed smart in the current financial climate.	1
Expect the full price in days. They were waiting for Microsoft to provide first, classic Sony... $10/ 25 a month for my pass ultimate and a Series X/ S is a pinnacle of epic deal, outrageous and super smart in the current financial climate.	1
LET'S FUCKING GO!	1
Let's FICKING GO!	1
LET'S FUCKING GO!	1
LET'S FUCKING FUN!	1
LET'S A FUCKING TO GO!	1
LET'S THE GO!	1
One section where Xbox always had the lead on. Kudos to them for pushing what they excel in.	1
A section in which the Xbox has always been ahead. Kudos to them for having implemented what they excel at.	1
One area where Xbox has always been a leader is Kudos to them for promoting what they do best.	1
One section where Xbox always had the lead feature. Kudos in them for pushing what they excel in.	1
One section where Xbox always had the lead on. Getting Kudos to thank them for doing pushing what they do excel in.	1
One section where Xbox always had the lead on. Kudos to them already providing what competitors excel in.	1
This is a really cool feature. Doesn't come close to selling the console for me, but Xbox def earned a W.	1
This is a really cool feature. Doesn't come close to selling the console for me, but Xbox def deserves a W.	1
It's a really cool feature. Not close to selling a console for me, but Xbox def earned W.	1
This is a really little feature. Doesn't come close to selling the console for me, but Xbox def<unk> a W.	1
This is a really cool feature. Doesn't come close enough to selling the console for the me, but Xbox 360 def earned him a big W.	1
This is some really cool feature. Doesn't go close to breaking the console for me, but Xbox def earned another W.	1
@Parada45  looks dirty	0
@ Parada45 looks dirty	0
@ fonda45 looks dirty	0
@Parada45 <unk> dirty	0
@Parada45 looks super dirty	0
This looks dirty	0
@Colteastwood doing what he does best. Another amazing video. Can’t wait for series X|S launch	1
@ Colteastwood does what he does best. Another amazing video. Can't wait for the start of series X | S	1
@ Colteastwood is doing what he does best.	1
@Colteastwood doing what Rosa does best. Another amazing video. Cannot wait for series X|S launch	1
@Colteastwood will doing what he does best. Another amazing second video. Can s ’ t wait for series X | S TV launch	1
Simon does what he does best. Another amazing video. Can’t stop for series X|S launch	1
Watching @Xbox fuck up ANOTHER system launch ( . . Go be like @SEGA and get the fuck out of gaming hardware @Microsoft pic.twitter.com/6aOH1u6h60	0
Watching @ Xbox screw up another system launch (... Be like @ SEGA and get the shit out of the gaming hardware @ Microsoft pic.twitter.com / 6aOH1u6h60	0
Watching @ Xbox fuck up ANOTHER system launch (. Go be like @ SEGA and get the fuck out of gaming hardware @ Microsoft pic.fuck / 6aOH1u6h60	0
Watching RhandlerR fuck up ANOTHER system launch ( . . Go be like RhandlerR and get the fuck out of gaming hardware RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/6aOH1u6h60	0
The Watching RhandlerR fuck up ANOTHER system launch ( . . Go be like RhandlerR and get the fuck out of gaming hardware RhandlerR pic.twitter.com/6aOH1u6h60	0
the	0
Yes this is right up my alley. I watched 1 min then turned it off.   I can't wait to expierence this on my own.. in the dark.  	1
Yes, this is exactly my alley. I watched it for 1 minute and then switched it off. I can't wait to experience this on my own... in the dark.	1
I watched 1 minute, then turned it off. I can't wait to do it on my own... in the dark.	1
Yes this is right up my alley. I watched 1 min then turned it off.   I can't start to expierence this with my Roku in the dark.	1
Yes to this is right lower up my old alley. I watched 1 min then turned it off. I really can'm t wait to expierence this on to my own own.. in the dark.	1
Yes this is right up my alley. I watched 10 min therefore turned it off. I can't wait I expierence this on my face.. in the future.	1
Xbox Series X seems like a must have for console gamers, what Microsoft did with this system is amazing.	1
Xbox Series X seems to be a must for console gamers, what Microsoft has done with this system is amazing.	1
The Xbox Series X seems to be a must for console gamers, what Microsoft has done with this system is amazing.	1
Xbox Series X seems to a must have for console gamers, what Microsoft did with this system was amazing.	1
Xbox Series of X seems like a must have experience for multiple console gamers, what Microsoft did with this system truly is amazing.	1
Xbox Series certainly seems like a must have for hardcore gamers, what Microsoft gets with this system is amazing.	1
This price is incredible . 	1
This award is unbelievable.	1
The price is incredible.	1
This guy is incredible.	1
This price is simply incredible.	1
This price absolutely incredible.	1
Can’t wait for my girl to purchase my PS5.. and I get her the Xbox series X . 	1
I can't wait for my girl to buy my PS5.. and I order her Xbox Series X.	1
Can't wait for my girl to purchase my PS5.. and I get her the Xbox series X.	1
Can’t wait for my girl to purchase my PS5.. or I get her to Xbox series X.	1
Can ’ t wait for my girl to purchase at my next PS5.. Gage and I get her the Xbox for series X.	1
Can’t wait on my girl to finish my PS5.. and I owe her the Xbox series X.	1
Good to see Microsoft is gonna release the Xbox Series X game console in Japan..	1
Good to see that Microsoft will release the Xbox Series X gaming console in Japan.	1
It's great to see that Microsoft is about to release the Xbox Series X games console in Japan.	1
Good tho see Microsoft is gonna release the Xbox Series X game console in Japan..	1
Good to see Microsoft Group is gonna release the Xbox Series X arcade game base console in Japan..	1
Good to see Microsoft is gonna give first Xbox Series X game console in Japan..	1
I like it.	1
I like it.	1
I like it.	1
I need it.	1
Now I like it.	1
we like it.	1
I’m in the running to win an Xbox Series X thanks to Billz from @Achievementland and ChinDocta from @RealGamerscore! gleam.io/pCFsN/the-real…	1
I'm in the race for an Xbox Series X thanks to Billz from @ Achievementland and ChinDocta from @ RealGamerscore! gleam.io / pCFsN / the-real...	1
I'm in the running to win the Xbox Series X thanks to the Bills from @ Festiventland and ChinDoa from @ RealGame score! gleam.io / pCFsN / the-real...	1
I’m supposedly the first to win an Xbox Series X thanks to Billz of Nintendo and ChinDocta from @Achievementland! gleam.io/pCFsN/the-real…	1
I ’ The m in the running not to win such an Xbox Series X thanks to Billz White from @Achievementland and Dave ChinDocta from @RealGamerscore! and gleam. io / pCFsN / the - game real club …	1
I’m in the running to steal gold Xbox 360 X Due to hints from @Achievementland and ChinDocta by @RealGamerscore! gleam.io/pCFsN/the-real...	1
As one of the few actual next gen exclusives this looks really nice. Even if it’s not for me. . . 13 Minutes Of Exclusive 4K Xbox Series X Scorn Gameplay youtu.be/6grwdMemV1o via @YouTube	1
As one of the few current Next-Gen Exclusives, this looks really good, even if it's not for me... 13 Minutes Of Exclusive 4K Xbox Series X Scorn Gameplay youtu.be / 6grwdMemV1o via @ YouTube	1
Even if it's not for me..... 13 Minutes Of Exclusive 4K Xbox Series X Scorn Gameplay youtu.be / 6grwdMemV1o via @ YouTube	1
As one of the few actual next gen exclusives this looks really nice. Even if it’s not good PC. 2016. 13 Minutes Of The 4K Xbox Series X Scorn Gameplay ab.be/6grwdMemV1o via @YouTube	1
As one of the few actual next major gen exclusives even this looks just really nice. 1 Even if it ’ s apparently not for me... Release 13 Live Minutes Of Exclusive Windows 4K Xbox Series X Albums Scorn With Gameplay youtu. be / 6grwdMemV1o via @YouTube	1
For one of the few exclusive next gen exclusives this looks incredibly nice. Even considering it’s excluding even me... 12 Minutes Of Exclusive The Xbox Series X Scorn Gameplay youtu.be/6grwdMemV1o Red @YouTube	1
Too bad the Xbox Series X won't have any Xbox Game Studios Exclusives until a year after the consoles launch ouch.	0
It's just a shame that Xbox Series X won't feature Xbox Game Studios Exclusives until a year after the console launches.	0
It is a pity that the Xbox Series X will not have exclusive Xbox Game Studios until a year after the launch of the consoles.	0
Too bad the Xbox and X won't have any Xbox Game Studios Exclusives until a year after their consoles launch ouch.	0
Too ends bad the upcoming Xbox Series X won't even have been any Xbox Game Studios Exclusives until a year later after the consoles launch ouch.	0
Too bad the Xbox Series team won't have any Xbox Game V Exclusives over a year after the Xbox launch ouch.	0
I can't even be mad I'm just a fucking idiot	0
I can't even be crazy, I'm just a fucking idiot	0
I can't even be mad I'm just a fucking idiot	0
I can't even ask mad I'm just a fucking idiot	0
I can't even honestly be mad I'd m just a fucking idiot	0
<unk> guess't even be mad I'm just a fucking idiot	0
I would .  love this!!!	1
I would love that!!!	1
I would. love this!!!	1
I would.  love for	1
Like I would. love this!!!	1
I would. eat this!!!	1
Holy shit it only took 2 console generations to cut down the load times	1
Holy shit, it only took 2 console generations to reduce loading times	1
Holy shit it only took 2 console generations to cut down the load time	1
Holy shit it only took 2 active generations to cut down the load times	1
Holy shit it only took only 2 console crew generations to cut down the load times	1
Holy shit it only took 2 console classes to cut down processor load times	1
May is gonna be awesome . 	1
May will be great.	1
May will be terrific.	1
May be gonna be awesome.	1
May fourth is gonna be awesome.	1
May is gonna come awesome.	1
Do you want fries to go with that salt? Lol .   	0
Do you want fries with that salt? Lol.	0
Do you want Fries to go with that salt? Lol.	0
Do you want fries to die with that salt? Lol.	0
Do you want fries to go sour with half that salt? Lol.	0
Do you want something to go with sea salt? Lol.	0
It may look like a WiFi router but design wise it looks better than the Xbox series X. I think it’s unique and slick. I like it imo. You’re lucky that you haven’t gone bald yet . 	0
It may look like a WiFi router, but looks better in design than the Xbox Series X. I think it's unique and slick. I like it imo. You're lucky you don't have a bald head.	0
It may look like a WiFi router, but in terms of design it looks better than the Xbox series X. I think it's unique and good.	0
It may look quite a WiFi player but overall wise it looks better than the Xbox series X. I think it’s unique and slick. I prefer it imo. You’re lucky that you haven’t bought bald yet.	0
It also may look like quite a WiFi router but since design wise it probably looks better than the little Xbox series X. Because I think it sweet ’ it s super unique and slick. I like it imo. You ’ re lucky that you haven ’ all t gone bald yet.	0
It may look like a WiFi router but design wise iOS looks happier than the Xbox series X. Members think it’s unique and compelling. Users like it imo. You’re lucky some these haven’t gone bald yet.	0
 	0
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.	0
At the same time, despite the fact that there are currently some 100 million people living below the poverty line, most of them do not have access to health services and do not have access to health care, while most of them do not have access to health care.	0
	0
	0
	0
Gimme the Xbox. It’s more comfortable	1
Gimme the Xbox. It's more convenient	1
Gimme the Xbox. It's more comfortable	1
Gimme the Xbox. Feel more comfortable	1
Gimme the Xbox. 27 It ’ Ad s more comfortable	1
Gimme the Xbox. Being more comfortable	1
I might actually try out fable this time around. I never played on the xbox360 cant wait to see more..  .  .  	1
I have never played on xbox360 before and can't wait to see more...	1
I might actually try out fable this time around. I never played on the xbox360 cant wait to see more....	1
I might actually try this fable this time out. I never played on the xbox360 cant wait to see more.. . .	1
Although I might actually actually try out fable this time around. I never played on in the xbox360 cant in wait also to see something more....	1
you did well try also fable this time around. I never played on the xbox360 cant wait to see more....	1
Seeing the  	1
	1
Seeing the	1
Seeing Results	1
On Seeing the	1
about the	1
_. . The faster more efficient AMD Zen CPUs in both  . . We already had/have incredible visuals with current gen consoles  . .  	1
_.. The faster more efficient AMD Zen CPUs in both.. We already had / have incredible pictures with current gene consoles.	1
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _	1
_.. The faster memory efficient AMD Zen CPUs in both .. Players already had/have incredible visuals with current gen consoles ..	1
_.. The faster to more energy efficient AMD Zen CPUs in operation both.. We either already had / have most incredible display visuals with current gen consoles..	1
_.. The absolute most efficient AMD gaming CPUs in both.. We already use/have incredible visuals with early gen consoles..	1
Fuck on.. 	0
Fuck on..	0
Fuck on..	0
Fuck Women	0
But Fuck on..	0
Fuck Me..	0
I'm extremely happy to upgrade to the Xbox Series X in a couple of years.. Not to say the PS5 won't be great - it should and Sony can use things like Backwards Compatibility to get games from PS1 - PS4 and maybe even PSP and Vita onto the console.	1
I'm extremely happy to upgrade to the Xbox Series X in a few years. Not to mention that the PS5 won't be great - it should be and Sony can use things like backwards compatibility to bring games from PS1 to PS4 and maybe even PSP and Vita to the console.	1
I'm very excited about upgrading to the Xbox Series X in a couple of years. Not to say that the PS5 won't be great - it should and Sony can use things like Backward compatibility to get games from the PS1 to the PS4 and perhaps even the PS5 and Vita on the console.	1
I'm extremely happy to upgrade to the Xbox Series X in a couple of years.. Not to say the PS5 won't be great - it should and Sony can use things like Backwards Compatibility to get games and PS1 - PS4 but maybe even PSP and Wii to the network.	1
I'm extremely... happy to upgrade to the Xbox Vision Series X in a couple of years.. Ltd Not to say the PS5 won't be for great - it should happen and Sony can use just things like Backwards Compatibility to get games from mainstream PS1 - PS4 consoles and maybe even even PSP and Vita versions onto the console.	1
that'm extremely happy to upgrade from the Xbox Series game in two minimum of years.. Not to say the PS5 won't be available - it should and Sony can use things like Backwards Compatibility or get games from PS1 - Wii and maybe even PSP on Vita onto the console.	1
When the PS4 and Xbox One came out, I decided to move my consoles to a side table next to my entertainment centre. Glad I did, ‘cos the next-gen consoles are BEASTS! (Not you, Switch. You’re still small and adorable.)  	1
When the PS4 and Xbox One came out, I decided to put my consoles at a side table next to my Entertainment Center. Glad I did, "cause the next-gen consoles are BEASTS! (Not you, Switch. You're still small and adorable.)	1
When the PS4 and Xbox One came out, I decided to move the consoles to a bedside table next to my entertainment center.	1
When the PS4 & Xbox One came out, I decided to move my consoles to a side table next to my entertainment center. Glad I did, ‘cos this next-gen headsets are BEASTS! (Not you, Switch. You’re still strong and adorable.)	1
Notes When first the PS4 player and Xbox One came out, I decided to move both my consoles to a side table next to housing my entertainment centre. So Glad I did, ‘ point cos the next - gen consoles probably are BEASTS! ( And Not you, Switch. You ’ re still small darling and adorable. )	1
When the movie and Force One came out, also decided to move my consoles to a side window next to my entertainment centre. Glad I didn, since the fifth-gen consoles are BEASTS! (Not you, Mac. You’re still adorable and adorable.)	1
 	1
It is not the first time that the EU Commission has taken such a step.	1
At the same time, despite the fact that there are currently some 100 million people living below the poverty line, most of them do not have access to health services and do not have access to health care, while most of them do not have access to health care.	1
	1
	1
	1
Can't wait!	1
Can't wait!	1
Can't wait!	1
Can't now!	1
YOU Can't wait!	1
a't wait!	1
Nice specs	1
Nice specs	1
Nice specs	1
Nice logo	1
Nice weather specs	1
my specs	1
@IdleSloth1984 what the hell do you mean? Xbox x is litterly a pc. What the hell is the use of buying a worse pc. At least the ps5 will have a better controller. And more. Plus we actually HAVE vr. You restarted xbot	0
@ IdleSloth1984 what the hell do you mean? Xbox x is really a PC. What the hell is the benefit of buying a worse PC. At least the PS5 will have a better controller.	0
@ IdleSloth1984, what the hell do you mean? Xbox is a terrible PC. What the hell buy the worst PC. At least the 5 inch will have a better configuration. And another. Plus we're actually HAVE vr.	0
@IdleSloth1984 H the hell do you mean? Xbox x is not a good. What on hell is the use of buying a worse pc. At least the ps5 will have a better controller. And more. And we actually HAVE vr. You restarted xbot	0
@IdleSloth1984 what the hell do you mean? the Xbox x Play is litterly a pc. What the freaking hell there is the use out of buying a worse pc. At least the same ps5 will have a better controller. And many more. Plus if we can actually HAVE vr. 11 You restarted xbot	0
@IdleSloth1984 what the hell do you mean? That x is actually a pc. What the hell is god devil fucking buying a fucking pc. At least the ps5 would have our better controller. And more. But we actually HAVE vr. You restarted xbot	0
Can't wait	1
Can't wait	1
Can't wait	1
Can't Fly	1
Can've t wait	1
Can't Not	1
After trying to make a preorder yesterday for the XBox Series X, was unsuccessful first off, then what makes matters worse ones that were able to are scalping their preorders on eBay!  comicbook.com/gaming/news/xb…	0
After the initial unsuccessful attempt to pre-order the XBox Series X yesterday, the situation is made worse by the fact that those who were able to scale their pre-orders on eBay! comicbook.com / gaming / news / xb...	0
After trying to pre-order yesterday on the XBox Series X, was unsuccessful, first, what makes matters worse are those who were able to scalp their pre-orders on eBay! comicbook.com / gaming / news / xb...	0
After trying to make a preorder yesterday for the XBox Zero X, unfortunately unsuccessful first off, then what makes it worse folks that were able to are scalping their preorders on eBay! <unk>.com/gaming/news/xb…	0
After trying to make it a preorder yesterday day for all the XBox Series game X, was unsuccessful first off, then decided what makes matters worse that ones that were able to fail are by scalping their various preorders on eBay! comicbook. or com / gaming / news / xb …	0
After trying to place a buy yesterday for the XBox Series X, was unsuccessful first so, then what makes matters is ones that were successful just continue scalping their preorders on yesterday! comicbook.com/gaming/news/xb...	0
If they have to buy studios to get games then it is basically a sign of a failed console.  	0
If they have to buy studios to get games, that's basically a sign of a failed console.	0
If they have to buy studios to get games, it's essentially a sign of a failed console.	0
If they have to buy studios to get games then it is surely every sign of a failed console.	0
If and they have to buy studios designed to only get games then it is basically a sign of a possibly failed console.	0
If they have to contract studios to get games then that most basically a sign of a failed console.	0
A revolutionary new form factor for PC gaming? Intel's new Ghost Canyon NUC offers excellent performance in a case that's significantly smaller than Xbox Series X: eurogamer.net/articles/digit…	0
A revolutionary new form factor for PC games? Intel's new Ghost Canyon NUC offers outstanding performance in a chassis significantly smaller than the Xbox Series X: eurogamer.net / articles / digit...	0
New form factor for video games? The new Ghost Canyon NUC Intel offers excellent performance in a case that is significantly smaller than the Xbox Series X: eurogen.net / articles / digit...	0
A revolutionary new form<unk> of PC drivers? Intel's new Ghost Canyon hinge offers excellent performance in a case that's significantly smaller than Xbox Series X: eurogamer.net/articles/digit…	0
A revolutionary relatively new form factor for PC space gaming?... Intel's new Ghost Canyon NUC card offers still excellent performance in a case that's only significantly smaller than Xbox Vision Series X : eurogamer. net / articles / digit html …	0
A revolutionary body form factor for new gaming? Honda's new Ghost Canyon HD has incredible performance in a case that's significantly smaller than Xbox Series X: eurogamer.net/articles/digit...	0
This is sexy as bro	1
That's sexy as bro	1
This is sexy as bro	1
This is bad as bro	1
This is sexy just as bro	1
This is sexy blonde bro	1
@GAMEWrexham @GAMEdigital just got the email...stay safe all and thanks for being awesome for the industry in the UK....we will have a restart to 2020 and the awesome 9th Gen  	1
@ GAMEWrexham @ GAMEdigital has just received the email... play it safe and thank you for being awesome to the industry in the UK.... we will have a reboot in 2020 and the fantastic 9th Gen	1
@ GAMEWrexham @ GAMEdigital just got the email... stay safe all and thanks for being awesome for the industry in the UK.... we will have a restart by 2020 and the awesome 9th Gen	1
@GAMEWrexham @GAMEdigital just got the email...stay safe all and thanks for being awesome for your industry in the UK....we will have a restart by 2020 and the awesome Future Gen	1
From @GAMEWrexham @GAMEdigital just got you the email... so stay safe all and me thanks everybody for being awesome for bringing the industry in the UK.... and we will have us a restart set to 2020 and the awesome 9th Gen	1
with @GAMEWrexham we got the email...stay down there and thanks for working awesome for IT industry in the summer....we will have a restart to 2020 and the awesome 9th Gen	1
honestly, after the shit-show that was the XBox One X's pre-release news cycle, the Series X (which is still just... not a good name) is honestly setting itself up to earn back a LOT of good faith they carried with them through the early lifespan of the 360, and then some.	1
Frankly, after the shit show that was the pre-release cycle of the XBox One X, Series X (which is still just... not a good name) is honestly lining up to earn back a lot of the good faith it carried around during the early lifespan of the 360, and then some.	1
Frankly, after the crap show that was XBox One X's pre-release news cycle, the X series (which is still just... not a very good title) is honestly setting itself up to earn a lot of the goodwill they carried with them throughout the early life of 360, and then some.	1
honestly, after everything shit-show that was the XBox Edition X's pre-release news cycle, Noble Series 4 (which is still just... not a good name) is honestly setting themselves up to earn back a LOT of good press they carried with them through the early lifespan of the 360, and then some.	1
honestly, long after the shit - show that was the XBox One X'in s pre - release news run cycle, the Series X ( which is still just... not a good new name ) is honestly setting one itself up to earn itself back a LOT of real good working faith when they have carried with them through the early lifespan of the 360, and then some.	1
honestly, after everything shit-show that was the XBox One X's initial-release news cycle, the Series 3 (which is apparently just... not a good name) is honestly setting itself up to earn quite a LOT of Catholic faith they carried with them through the test phase of a 360, and then again.	1
🤔. . No, the PS5 won’t offer anywhere near the graphics performance of Xbox Series X: Navi benchmarks prove it - NotebookCheck.net News notebookcheck.net/No-the-PS5-won…	1
No, the PS5 won't come close to the graphics performance of the Xbox Series X: Navi benchmarks prove it - NotebookCheck.net News notebookcheck.net / No-the-PS5-won...	1
No, the PS5 will not be able to boast graphical characteristics close to those of the Xbox Series X: Navi benchmarks - NotebbyCheck.net News notebycheck.net / No-the-PS5-won...	1
🤔. Loading No, the PS5 won’t offer anywhere around the graphics performance of Xbox Series X: benchmark benchmarks prove this - checks.net News notebookcheck.net/No-the-PS5-won…	1
But [UNK].. No, the PS5 won ’ t offer anywhere really near the graphics performance features of Xbox Series Mark X : the Navi benchmarks not prove it - NotebookCheck. net and News on notebookcheck. net / No - and the - PS5 - 10 won …	1
<unk>.. No, the PS5 won’t score anywhere near the graphics the Samsung Wii Sport 7: The images prove it - NotebookCheck.net News notebookcheck.net/No-the-PS5-won...	1
bruh if Xbox Series X game cases actually look like OG Xbox game cases my wallet finna have a problem.	0
bruh, if Xbox Series X game cases actually look like OG Xbox game cases, my wallet has a problem.	0
bruh, if the Xbox Series X gaming cases actually look like OG Xbox gaming cases, my finna wallet has a problem.	0
bruh if Xbox Series X game cases almost sounds like OG Xbox game cases my wallet finna have a problem.	0
... bruh if Xbox Series or X game cases actually look like OG Savage Xbox game cases and my wallet finna have a problem.	0
bruh if Xbox System X game<unk> actually look like OG Xbox game cards my wallet finna have a problem.	0
It's weird, everyone's known about this for so long but we're still just getting leaks about it. Can't wait to see it, I think it's going to be shockingly cheap	1
It's weird, everyone's known about it for so long, but we're still getting indiscretions about it. I can't wait to see it, I think it's going to be shockingly cheap.	1
It's weird, everyone has known about it for so long, but we still just get leaches about it. Can't wait to see it, I think it's going to be shockingly cheap	1
It's weird, everyone's known about it for so long but we're still just getting leaks about something. Can't wait to see it, I think it's going to be shockingly pretty	1
No It'r s weird, everyone's known how about this for so long today but we're still just getting leaks about it. Can'l t quite wait to see it, although I really think it'll s going to be shockingly cheap	1
It's weird, everyone's worried about this for so long but we're still just getting press about it. Can't want to see it, they think it's going it be pretty cheap	1
This is sad.	0
It's sad.	0
It's sad.	0
This felt sad.	0
the This is sad.	0
He is sad.	0
Damn! Microsoft is going all out in showing off the new Xbox Series X while Sony hasn't made a peep theverge.com/2020/3/16/2115…. . As a PlayStation guy, this thing sounds like a screamer.	1
Damn it! Microsoft is giving it its all when it comes to showcasing the new Xbox Series X, while Sony has not yet taken a look at theverge.com / 2020 / 3 / 16 / 2115....	1
Damn it! Microsoft is going all in, showing the new Xbox Series X, while Sony has not yet made a pip theverge.com / 2020 / 3 / 16 / 2115.... Like the guy from PlayStation, it sounds like a scream.	1
Damn! Microsoft is going very goose in showing off the new Xbox Series X while Sony hasn't made a peep theverge.com/2020/3/16/2115….. As a PlayStation guy, said thing<unk> certainly a screamer.	1
Damn! If Microsoft is going out all cool out in showing up off the new Xbox Entertainment Series X while Sony hasn't made a peep theverge. com / 2020 / 3 / 4 16 / 21 2115 ….. As on a PlayStation game guy, apparently this thing sounds like a screamer.	1
Damn! Microsoft by going all out in showing off Their next Xbox Series X while Sony won't made one peep theverge.com/2020/3/16/2115..... As a new guy, this thing seems like a good.	1
@SDiDuro  i think that would be cool see freedom planet and freedom planet 2 on xbox series x	1
@ SDiDuro I think that would be cool seeing Freedom Planet and Freedom Planet 2 on Xbox series x	1
@ SDiDuro i think that would be cool see freedom planet and freedom planet 2 on xbox series x	1
@SDiDuro  i Thought it would be cool see freedom planet and freedom planet 2 on xbox series x	1
@SDiDuro i think that we would be cool see up freedom planet 8 and create freedom planet 2 on xbox series x	1
because i think that would be cool see freedom planet 3 war planet 2 on xbox series x	1
Just letting you know I'll be buying a ps5 at launch but are people really having trouble reading the box art for the Xbox Series X. Sure there's plenty of descriptors but it's not very confusing???	0
Just let me know that I will buy a PS5 at launch, but are people really having trouble reading the box graphics for the Xbox Series X? Sure, there are many descriptions, but it's not very confusing???	0
Just let me know I'll buy a 5-inch model at launch, but do people really have trouble reading the box for the Xbox Series X. Of course, there are a lot of descriptors, but that doesn't bother me much???	0
Just as you know might be buying a ps5 at launch but are people really having trouble reading this box art for the Xbox Series X. Sure there's alot of descriptors but it's not very confusing???	0
Just a letting you know I'll be buying on a ps5 at a launch somewhere but are people really having trouble reading the fine box art for buying the premium Xbox Series of X. Sure there'm s plenty of descriptors but it's not very confusing???	0
for letting you know many'll be buying no ps5 at launch but its people really having trouble picking that box art for the Xbox Series X. Sure there's plenty neat descriptors but it's not very confusing???	0
The @Xbox series X is an awful looking console. Big, bulky, basic, and boring. BYE . 	0
The @ Xbox Series X is a horrible looking console. Big, bulky, simple and boring. BYE.	0
The @ Xbox series X is an awesome looking console. Big, lumby, basic, and boring. BYE.	0
The @Xbox series X is an awful looking console. Big, bulky, basic, and awful. BYE Hardware	0
The @Xbox series X computer is an awful looking data console. Big, bulky, and basic, and pretty boring. BYE.	0
and @Xbox series died on an awful looking console. Big, bulky, cheap, and boring. BYE.	0
Seen some say: "Dirt 5, an Xbox Series X game (Multiplat but ok) looks worse than Forza Motorsport 4 on the 360! Why?!". . TLOU2, a game made on a 1.8 terraflop system, arguably looks better than Spider-Man Miles Morales. Why?. . Game design, exclusivity and budget MATTERS people. https://t.co/5x0QtMPKpB	0
Some say: "Dirt 5, an Xbox Series X game (multiplat, but ok) looks worse than Forza Motorsport 4 on the 360! Why?!." TLOU2, a game made on a 1.8 terraflop system, looks better than Spider-Man Miles Morales. Why?... Game design, exclusivity and budget MATTER people. https: / / t.co / 5x0QtMPKpB	0
Some say: "Dirt 5, Xbox Series X (Multiplat but ok) looks worse than Forza Motorsport 4 on 360! Why?!." TLOU2, a game made on the 1.8 terraflop system, probably looks better than Spider-Man Miles Morales. Why?.....................................................................................................	0
Seen some say: "Dirt 5, an old Series X game (Multiplat but ok) looks hotter than Forza Motorsport 4 on the 360! Why?!".... TLOU2, a game made on a 1.8 G system, arguably looks better than Spider-Man Miles Morales. When?.. No design, exclusivity or packaging MATTERS people. https://t.co/5x0QtMPKpB]	0
Seen what some say : " Mad Dirt Racing 5, an Xbox Series 1 X game ( Multiplat but totally ok ) looks worse still than Forza Motorsport 4 on the 360! Why?! ".. TLOU2, a game made on a PlayStation 1. 8 terraflop system, arguably looks better than Super Spider - Man aka Miles Morales. Why?.. 2 Game design, exclusivity and budget MATTERS people. https://t.co/5x0QtMPKpB ]	0
Seen some say: "Dirt 5, an Xbox Series X game (Multiplat is ok) looks fantastic than Forza Motorsport 4 on the 360! Why?!".. TLOU2, a game made with a 1.8 terraflop setting, somehow looks better than Mega-Man Miles out. Why?.. Game design, story and budget MATTERS for. etc]	0
Wow this is a really good deal--. "512 GB SSD". "Digital only". . Wow that is unfortunate	1
Wow, that's a really good deal. "512 GB SSD." "Digital only." Wow, that's unfortunate.	1
Wow this is a really good deal--. "512 GB SSD." "Digital only.." Wow that is necessary	1
Wow this might a really good deal--. "512 GB SSD". "Digital "". Wow that is unfortunate	1
Wow is this is a really good deal - -. " With 512 GB SSD ". " With Digital video only ".. Wow... that is unfortunate	1
Wow this looks a fairly good sign--. "512 GB unlimited". "Digital only".. Wow that feels unfortunate	1
Wtf lol	0
Wtf lol	0
Wtf lol	0
Wtf?	0
Wtf and lol	0
<unk> lol	0
@XboxP3 Hi Phil, when can we expect to see some sort of showcase running on the Xbox Series X such as the Unreal 5 running on PS5? I'm looking forward to seeing what the Series X can do . 	1
@ XboxP3 Hello Phil, when can we expect some kind of showcase to run on Xbox Series X, such as the Unreal 5 on the PS5? I'm curious to see what Series X can do.	1
@ XboxP3 Hi Phil, when can we expect to see some kind of showcase running on the Xbox Series X, such as the Unreal 5 running on the PS5? I'm looking forward to what the Series X.	1
@XboxP3 Hi Phil, when can we expect to see some sort of showcase running on the Xbox Series X such as the Unreal 5 games on PS5? Very looking forward to see what the Series 10 can do.	1
@XboxP3 Hi Andy Phil, when can am we expect to see some sort of showcase running games on the latest Xbox Series X such as the Unreal 5 running on PS5? Because I'm looking forward to not seeing what the new Series 5 X products can do.	1
@XboxP3 above all, when can we expect to see that sort of showcase running alongside the Xbox Series X such by an Unreal 5 running on PS5? I'm looking forward to seeing what the Series One can do.	1
Graphics go too crazy	1
Graphics Play Too Crazy	1
Graphics go crazy	1
Graphics go too wild	1
Graphics go too freaking crazy	1
about go too crazy	1
xbox’s controller looks way much better but I’m sucker for playstation so 🤷. ‍. 	1
The xbox controller looks much better, but I'm such a Playstation fan.	1
On the surface, the xbox looks a lot better, but I'm still a Playstation fan.	1
xbox’s controller performs way much better but I’m sucker for playstation so<unk>. ‍.	1
xbox over ’ C s controller looks way much no better but I ’ m sucker shopping for playstation so [UNK]..	1
my controller looks way W better than I’m sucker for playstation so <unk>..	1
Love it . 	1
Love it.	1
Love it.	1
Love for.	1
25 Love it.	1
Love Love.	1
I hate this game. EVERY SINGLE YEAR, THEY STAY TEMPTING PEOPLE	0
I hate this game. EVERY ONE YEAR, YOUR STRENGTH PEOPLE	0
I hate this game. EVERY SINGLE YEAR, They STAY TEPTING PEOPLE	0
I hate this game. EVERY SINGLE YEAR, WE STAY TEMPTING PEOPLE	0
Sometimes I suddenly hate this stupid game. A EVERY SINGLE OF YEAR, THEY ON STAY TEMPTING PEOPLE	0
children play horrible game. EVERY SINGLE YEAR, you STAY TEMPTING PEOPLE	0
Thank you @amazon  	1
Thanks @ amazon	1
Thank you @ amazon	1
Thank you –	1
Thank fucking you @amazon	1
Thank you So	1
£449! Not too bad (although still an awful exchange rate!). I’ll be getting the X, but the S is a solid recommendation for most people at a great price!	1
£449! Not bad (although still a terrible exchange rate!) I'll get the X, but the S is a solid recommendation for most people at a great price!	1
£449! Not too bad (although still an awesome exchange rate!). I'll be getting the X, but the S is a solid recommendation for most people at a great price!	1
£449! Not too bad (although still an awful exchange rate!). I’ll be getting the X, but their S is a solid recommendation for most people at its great budget!	1
£449! Not too bad ( well although still an awful exchange rate! ). I certainly ’ ll finally be getting the X, and but the S is such a solid recommendation package for what most people going at a great price!	1
£449! Not too bad (although still an awful exchange rate!). I’ll take getting my X, as the S is a solid purchase for most and at a great value!	1
Neat	1
Neat	1
Neat	1
Neat	1
Single Neat	1
my	1
Clever	1
Clever	1
Cleaver	1
Clever	1
Not Clever	1
it	1
I secured my  	1
I secured my	1
I provided for myself	1
I secured...	1
Then I secured my	1
I see my	1
Bruh. The sony reveal was pointless did we get any info on 120fps ? nope. Who the fuck cares anymore. Its 2020 and we are just starting to get 4k 60 . - Console pleb	0
Bruhns. The sony unveiling was pointless, did we get any information about 120fps? No. Who the hell cares. It's 2020 and we're just starting to get 4k 60. - Console pleb.	0
Bruh. The sony reveal was pointless did we get any info on 120fps? nope. Who the fuck cares anymore. Its 2020 and we are just starting to get 4k 60. - Console pleb	0
Bruh. The sony reveal was pointless did we get any snow on this? nope. Who the fuck cares anymore. Its winter and we are just starting to get 4k 60. Id Console pleb	0
Bruh. The only sony reveal was pointless did we get any contact info back on 120fps?... nope. Who the fuck cares anymore. Its 2020 and there we are just keep starting there to get 4k 60. - Electronic Console 1 pleb	0
in. My big reveal was pointless did we get all info on 120fps? nope. Who the fuck has anymore. Its 2020 and Nokia are just planning to get 4k 60. - Console pleb	0
I'm still not buying an Xbox Series X.	0
I still don't buy Xbox Series X.	0
I still don't buy the Xbox Series X.	0
I'm still not buying an X Series X.	0
I'm still not buying on an Xbox 360 Series X.	0
I'm still not buying an Xbox Series game.	0
Imagine having to sell shoes just for someone to buy your shitty system.	0
Imagine having to sell shoes just for someone to buy your crappy system.	0
Imagine having to sell your shoes just for someone to buy your shitty system.	0
Imagine having to sell shoes just for someone to buy your shitty coat.	0
Imagine yourself having to sell your shoes just for someone to buy your shitty banking system.	0
Imagine having to sell something just for someone to buy a shitty system.	0
It's beautiful . 	1
It's beautiful.	1
It's beautiful.	1
It's beautiful<unk>	1
It's absolutely beautiful.	1
love's beautiful.	1
I cannot wait at all	1
I can't wait	1
I can't wait at all	1
I cannot wait at Facebook	1
... I cannot wait at all	1
I cannot wait at my	1
@EricGHarrison  I would so get the Halo one lol . 	1
@ EricGHarrison I'd like the halo one lol.	1
@ EricGHarrison I would so get the Halo one lol.	1
@EricGHarrison  I would so get more Halo one lol.	1
@EricGHarrison I would would say so get into the Halo one lol.	1
@EricGHarrison that would so get the Halo character lol.	1
too bad the developers in the recent years care more about graphics than the game itself. they fear releasing proper gameplay cause the fans have become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh damn graphics..  	0
It's just a pity that in recent years the developers have been more concerned about graphics than the game itself. They're afraid to get the right gameplay out because the fans have become toxic enough to be hyped up for a lost occasion. muh damn graphics.	0
It is bad enough that developers in recent years care more about graphics than about the game itself. They fear that the wrong gameplay will make fans so toxic that they will lose interest in the game.	0
too bad the developers through the recent years care more for graphics than the game itself. they fear releasing proper gameplay cos sometimes fans have become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh damn graphics..	0
too bad for the developers in the recent years all care more about graphics than the game itself. However they will fear releasing proper quality gameplay and cause again the fans might have become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh damn poor graphics..	0
too bad much developers in the recent years care more about graphics than the game itself. they fear releasing fresh content to the fans will become toxic enough to get hyped up for a lost cause. muh oh graphics..	0
I'm extremely lukewarm on  . .  . . Outside of SpiderMan and Gran Turismo 5, I'm meh on it.. . I need...the box.	1
I'm extremely lukewarm on.... Outside of SpiderMan and Gran Turismo 5 I'm meh on it... I need... the box.	1
I'm extremely lukewarm on..... Outside of SpiderMan and Gran Turismo 5, I'm meh on it... I need... the box.	1
I'm extremely lukewarm on .. .. Outside of SpiderMan and New Turismo 5, I'm big on it.. but I need...the box.	1
I'm extremely lukewarm on.... And Outside of The SpiderMan... and the Gran Turismo Part 5, I'm meh on into it... I also need... the crystal box.	1
the'm extremely low about.... Outside of SpiderMan and Gas Turismo 2011, I'm meh on the... I need...the box.	1
Fuck that Big Ass Air conditioner. PS5 in 4	0
Fuck that Big Ass Air Conditioner. PS5 in 4	0
Fuck that Big Ass Air conditioner. PS5 in 4	0
Fuck The Big Ass Air conditioner. PS5 in 4	0
Fuck that Big Ass the Air body conditioner. PS5 in 4	0
Fuck that Big Ass Air conditioner. PS5 has this	0
